status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[self-criticism]] 

I don't really have much to say right now but I felt like writing something, anything. Or I might lose my mind. It's been bugging me ever since earlier. I can't seem to do anything and I feel very anxious that I just had to write my thoughts down. Nothing special in particular is going on. No deadlines to meet, no chores to do, no goals to reach.. Is that a good thing? I'm probably just bored but I still convince myself I'm not. There's just something I'm missing. Something important. I don't have this drive, this thirst to create, to do something meaningful. I'm in too deep. I've been inclined in doing mindless, thoughtless things that I'm practically used to it by now. A small amount of focusing and concentrating bores the hell outta my mind. This is bad. I can't even go back to learning Japanese or drawing. I'm kind of sick of watching now, and listening to music without actually doing anything is not working for me. I should write in my journal but I don't have anything to write about. I just.. lack the motivation. The inspiration. I'm really not sure what to do now. Should I just read a book all day long? I could do that but I don't have the coffee for it. Maybe that's what I'm missing? Coffee? That's probably it. I should wait for my mom to come home to buy myself an instant coffee. What should we talk about? I'm really in a stump here. A.. hobby stump? I can't seem to do anything now, because I've done it all and I'm growing tired. And extremely bored. I don't wanna talk to anyone.. not really. Should I? Is that what I'm missing? ...Nah, I don't think so. I can do well without ever talking to anyone. The only things I need are a good book, an electronic device, and my drawing things. Yep, that's about it. It's very awkward talking to people.

I've been meaning to ask myself this; am I too self-absorbed? Self-centered? Deceited and condescending? Am I too selfish? A narcissist? Nah, narcissist is a bit too much,  don't take pride in myself enough to be one. But I'm sure as hell I'm too focused in my own intentions, my own thoughts and feelings. Do I lack empathy? But I still do cry when there's a sad video about a kitten getting rescued by animal control and welfare. I know I do lack some things. And I'm a bit too much when it comes to myself. Let's say.. spoiled? I'm spoiling myself, not practicing enough self-discipline and compassion towards others. I'm a selfish brat. Yeah, that's right. I care too less about other people and I care too less what others feel but I do care about what they think. I'm insecure, you see. The thing is, I care too much what others think of me that it gets to my head. I become extremely anxious. I'm so afraid of judgment, or just plain criticism that it's messing with me. I care too much of people's social statuses and achievements that I think lesser of myself. I shouldn't be this way. I'm becoming the one thing I swore never to be. Insecure. Condescending. Selfish. Apathetic. Alright, I'm becoming too self-critical that it's kind of hurting me now. But it's true. These shadows that I've kept silent by the corner of my mind shouldn't be shunned. These are my shortcomings.. my flaws. It should be addressed. It should be countered. For me to grow. But do I wanna grow? Is it time? I feel like I'll never be ready. I kind of.. refuse to grow. Would it be too late if I don't start now? I'm not brave enough yet. I don't want to grow up, face my fears and become a better person. Is it because I don't have the sense of purpose in relation to doing all of this? Maybe that's it. I just lack the drive. A kick-starter.

Well, that's enough of that. I know what I am; I'm too self-aware for that. And I know what I'm not; and what I should be. But I don't think now's the time for it. Let's all just see what happens from here on out.

Raven.