tags: [[journal]] [[love]] [[detachment]] [[yea]]

I have a hard time caring for people. Sometimes, I wouldn't really mind if my friends get hurt. I wouldn't really care if they were crying in front of me or they would be happy about something. Sure, I'd feel sympathy if they're sad and maybe feign happiness for their successes but that's it. I would say I'm a terrible friend, but I just couldn't bring myself to care at all. Most of the time, I feel like I'm faking everything around them. If that was the case, I'd say I've done a fairly well job because everybody seem to like hanging around me and wanting to be my friend. They'd even go far as to say they love me and I was important to them—some would even dare fall for me—but I just can't feel it. Don't get me wrong, sometimes I genuinely feel like I was having a good time when around them. But despite all the attention, I still feel detached from all of it. 

I've lived all my life with my family and I have never once felt like they were important to me. It seems I felt more awkward and uncomfortable than happy from all the times we spent together. It sounds insensitive for most people but I wouldn't really mind if a family member dies. Sure, it's sad, I wouldn't get to see them anymore but really, I only ever think about them because I mostly get some benefit from their existence. Though if my mom ever died, everything will fall apart and I would live a miserable life. My mother cares for me, loves me, and helps me when I'm depressed but it's truly saddening to say I couldn't feel the same. Again, I feel so disconnected from it all. Anyways, is "I don't want you to die" considered love? 

I can't have stable and healthy relationships. Sure, I've had girlfriends and a few flings here and there. But I was only ever with them because I was young (I guess I still am) and it's probably because I just wanted something or anything to make me feel that sickly sweet feeling all of those movies and songs kept talking about. I never had emotional involvement to any of them and I was never open to them; the relationship purely one-sided. I can never see a future with them, that's why it never lasted long (the longest was 7 months). It was really more of like "if I stopped this relationship right now I wouldn't have anyone to talk to on a daily basis and I wouldn't know what it's like to feel love because they're my only hope". Still, looking back to it, I feel distant. 

I am undeniably and excruciatingly selfish. I have been told numerous times when I was a kid, all the while growing up. I only ever thought about myself; my needs, my wants. I value my alone time so much that I really don't want to spend time with other people. And no, I don't love myself. I never did. In fact, I hate myself for being unbelievably flawed in so many ways. If I did love myself, I wouldn't have attempted suicide a few times. Why I'm still here, I have no idea. 

Most times I wonder what it's like to love and feel loved. I can't deny, I do want to feel it. Everybody around me seems to know what it feels like but I can never understand. I do really think something's terribly wrong with me. 

And thinking about that, makes me feel so lonely. Until I sort this out, as edgy as it may sound to everyone, I guess i'm bound to be alone.