status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]] [[anxiety]] 

It's not really that I'm bored. I just wanna share an experience that almost sent me over the edge and it's grinding my gears.

Right when I knew that I would accompany my mom to her office to sell the food she made for the bazaar scheduled on Friday, I was contemplating whether to go or not. I really really REALLY didn't want to go, I was planning on doing various of reasons for me to not come.. I even wanted to be sick FOR REAL and did things to make myself sick. Yes, to that extent. So, after classes, which ended 11 AM, I purposely stayed at my friend's house until 5 pm. But they insisted. They texted and called to come home immediately.. so I did. The ride back home was..gloomy. I really didn't want to come, but I had no choice. The next thing I knew, was riding a jeep on the way to freaking Sutherland. I was nearing death. Getting the IDs was like a slow torture. It's like I was waiting for death to come consume me. After that, we went to the 10th floor, setted up the table for the selling of the foods, and waited. And god, how exhausting it was, to wait for people to buy. Believe me, I hated socializing. And advertising INCLUDES socializing. I hated it. Everytime people would come by and examine the products that I'm selling, I couldn't speak, nor smile properly. It was exhilarating. It was embarassing. I almost had an anxiety breakdown because of it. I didn't want to tell anyone though. I was expecting a nice and quiet environment but boy, how wrong I was. The bazaar was setted up at the elevators so people come and go by fast, there are SO MANY PEOPLE. There are rarely times when the place is quiet. My head was spinning that time, it's like, a pokemon used confusion on me and I was paralyzed. And then, a worse thing happened. Another table was set-up next to me. It was for the free donuts from E-Bay for the workers. They even setted up a speaker playing a radio station for added effect. And people.. started swarming for the free donuts.. and god.. how uncomfortable it was. My head was about to explode for the amount of people and noise that floor was producing, my hands were shaking. It was lunch break at that time, my mom came to us at 9:30 PM. And god, how I couldn't wait to get out of that place for real. I was very uncomfortable that time, I even turned down my mom's donut offer. It was a nightmare.

By that time, another set of vendors came. And I was like, great. They went and setted up literally next to me, between the free krispy kreme and me. Apparently, my mom knows that woman who is selling the food, and she brought her daughter and husband. And damn, that daughter was really pretty. My mom said to me  (and semi-talked to her), "She's really pretty, right?". And I just smiled awkwardly at my mom. I looked over to her(she is literally beside me, our skin is grazing at each other), AND.SHE.SMILED.AT.ME. She is freaking pretty. Dropdead gorgeous. Everyone who knew her mom, complimented her. Even the boss who is in charge of the free donuts. He (or she cuz he;s gay) even said not to have a boyfriend yet lol. And after that moment, it was not that boring anymore. The night was manageable. I know, sue me for being flirty but I just feel very honored to have a pretty girl beside me. Whom, occasionally, glances at my side. But I couldn't look, I'm awkward! The night went by (BORINGLY) and in the middle of a somehow quiet environment, THE GIRL SUDDENLY SPOKE TO ME. I mean, yea she spoke to me a few times asking for a plastic bag or coins for change but this time, it's a personal conversation. She asked what school I went to, my name, my grade, my age, where I live, basically that was the conversation. It was quick but I was flattered. A pretty girl like her? Initiating a random conversation to an anti-social awkward person like me? I feel really special. I mean, the other ahjummas initiated conversations earlier but they had this vibe that they only care for what they sell, and they never GENUINELY cared. But what's worst in that entire night I've experienced..is comparing. They kept comparing me to how much we have sold already to my brother.. like duh.. we are different persons, please stop comparing. WE are not the same. That's the one thing I hated the most. Comparing me to other people. So, I felt really shitty whenever I hear comparison. The next few hours was me bored out of my mind. My lil sis was with me by the way. We did shit just to surpass boredom lol it was a good thing she was there or the experience may be a lot worse. But along midnight, she fell asleep on my lap. I requested my mom for a cold coffee and she did bought me one... but I couldn't open it... I  tried so hard to open it, but I just couldn't. My hands were sore and the ahjummas kept laughing while looking at my direction. I don't know if they're laughing at me not opening the bottle or something they are talking about. The night went by. Along 2 AM, I felt my back starting to hurt and a painful gastric discomfort at my bowel. I WAS FREAKING UNCOMFORTABLE. Along with boredom. I tried so hard to maintain my phone's batter until the end and manageably, I was able to. I was even forced to register my remaining load balance because of boredom. I initiated a conversation from Nicole one time but it ended abruptly because someone is buying from their table. It was nearing 5 in the morning, the other vendors already left, there are a few products remaining at our tables. It was somewhat quiet, along with the FM radio. It was nearing an end, and I was very very thankful of that. Nearly 5, Nicole and his dad already left. And she left me with a smile <3. Seriously, I feel giddy whenever I look at her face. She's just really pretty and kind-hearted. I feel envious of her and her parent's interaction. They seem like a happy family, and she is really really pretty. By past 5, my mom came and settled a few things. And I was realy hyper for a 5 AM. Apparently, I drank a bottle of third level strength of coffee and I felt like I wanna dance and do everything. I was really talkative that morning. We went to Burger King to eat but I took home my burger. We went home, I played the guitar cause I wasn't sleepy. I setted up the alarm for 1 and 2 pm because I have practice later but I didn't wake up lol, I was really exhausted.

And that ends my PAINFUL, UNCOMFORTABLE AND BORING NIGHTMARE OF MY WHOLE LIFE. I wish for it to not happen again.