‎Friday, ‎April ‎28, ‎2017 2:42:01 AM

I WOULD'VE HOLD MY BREATH IF I WAS YOU CUZ I FORGET BUT I'D NEVER FORGIVE YOU. DON'T YOU KNOW DON'T YOU KNOW; TRUE FRIENDS STAB YOU IN THE ~~FROM~~ FRONT.

this sucks.another night, another day, another 1,2,3.. 10 hours of friggin' sleep after a long-ass late night laptop-bathing and this sucks. well here i am again, typing my heart out since i really don't know what to do. i am unhealthy, i eat once a day, i bath twice or thrice a day, i focus on laptop and my phone, i seldom go out and exercise, i seldom go out  my house or even my room. i don't know if this is because of _her_ but i know i seldom think of her also and i've been learning to live without her in my life but this really out-of-the-world sucks. like straight out 90's awkward cringe-worthy infomercial about dreams and life sucks. my everyday routine is the exact same everyday and it hurts my eyes. i stay up at night until 7 AM, i open the door ofmy room since i know it'll eventually be hot. i wake up by 10  AM and 1 PM to drink lotsa water and wash my face and neck then i'd go back to sleep. i'd wake up 5 PM, take a bath(eat if i'm lucky) then go back to my room. i'd sometimes clean the house or do the dishes or wash my clothes if i'mlucky enough. as for leisure time, i'd play my guitar, draw taeyeon, use my laptop, watch videos, reading stories i have already read, chat people, facebook-ing. it sucks without internet, yknow. it's like your source of energy and life has been taken away from you. and without money? this literally is the worst vacation ever and i wanna go to school or just plainly somewhere. the food is also boring considering the financial problems and eventually family problems. we're lucky we still remain here in this apartment unit. whatever, my life is just so plain, dull, empty and without a color and spirit. i want to be alone but i don't want to be alone. yes, i want to stay inside and keep my skin fair but my mind is also against me with that since i'm scared my legs won't eventually work someday for not using it too much. i'm always sitting or everytime laying on my bed, it kinda hurts my head and back sometimes. my eyes are always tired. i want to sleep forever. well, not forever but just until school starts again. it sucks doing nothing, yknow. i wanna do something but i just don't want to move. i want to be productive and of use but i just don't want to move. like.. everything is getting to me ever since that incident on april 20, that day was really...tiring, i'd say. everything just went on a downfall. i became unhappy and just plain bored all the time. purely laidback and all. i'm learning to accept some...things right now and i just hope i'd accept it sooner enough. it sucks living a life like this. i just wish there's something to spice things up.