6/23/2024, sunday, 11:36 PM

I haven't been journaling for a while. I haven't been bullet journaling either. I don't have any day-to-day, week-to-week plans. I've just been living life as it goes by. I'm not gonna lie, it feels freeing, But at the same time, a bit directionless. I guess I'm just not used to this kind of lifestyle. I still ocassionially write down things I have to do or want to do but not in such an ultra-structured manner anymore. I don't regret choosing this approach to life. It's very open to anything that could happen. I wouldn't be having relapses or breakdowns for any changes of plans. I don't want to get used to anything because I know it will only be changed. I hate changes. I'm not good with handling changes, I get very upset. I have a lot of things I want to do and even if I can't make time for most of the time, I live everyday with the hopes that I get to do those things in the next tomorrows.

I cut off CHARARANT and IC, too. I unfollowed all of them on Instagram, and removed them from my followers. I deleted my Facebook and Messenger. I don't intend on ever going back on my decision. I don't want to talk to them ever again. I don't think I'll ever miss them either. IC messaged me once after I cut them off but I ignored it. Yes, I'm aware I'm a hypocrite when I told her I'll never leave her side. But seeing now that she has a life and has people surrounding her, changing her, I think she is better off without me. Besides, I hate myself when I'm around her, too. In fact, I hate myself when I'm around people. Lately, I met up with Chai, this one girl who always likes my posts and stories on Instagram. We just started talking a week ago across many platforms. She's 4 years younger than me, and I can feel a clear difference in maturity, maybe that's the reason why I can't ever see her in a romantic way. Anyway, we met up in real life. We went to Cubao Expo, she treated me to food at 7/11 and coffee, I gave her a cute bracelet, and bought us some stuffed toys. We took a lot of pictures. She likes to cling to me and drag me around. We talked about horror films and our exes (mostly hers). She talked a lot and I listened. And I can't help but feel strangely reminiscent of my meetups with CJ. It's kind of exactly the same, except Chai talked a lot. It's the same in the way that I couldn't express myself properly. Same in the way that I hated myself as soon as I got home and wanted to die. Also the same in the way that I don't think I can connect to people in a deeper level, romantically and platonically. It also made me ponder about how people are so different but also the same, and I could see clearly how I won't be able to get along with them in the way that I find important to me. The closest I've ever been to anyone is with Lou, and look where that got me. In a way, I was also masking in front of her, too.

I don't think I'll ever let anyone in, ever. I won't allow it to happen. They're all the same, after all. Isolation is such a bitter yet sweet fruit. It lets me be alone, and I like that. But it will also mean I'll be alone, and I don't like that. Lately, I've truly been hating myself a lot. I want to die and I feel shitty, but at the same time I'm excited to do the things I love everyday. I want to cut myself, but I don't have a blade, and I don't want to be bothered covering them up and trying to explain in front of people. I don't want them to get worried, not because I'd feel guilty, but because it's too bothersome and that I think I don't deserve the sympathy. I want to just run far away, cut everyone off, and live alone. Yes, I'll be lonely, but at least no one will be there to take pity on me, to make fun of me, to care about me, to be associated with me. I want so desparately to stop being someone I'm not and yet I don't even know who I want to be.
