6/8/2024, saturday, 12:20 AM

How should I put this? The only thing ringing in my mind is that "everyone's the same." I don't yet know what it fully means but that's how I feel. It's like nothing matters anymore. Not like nothing _nothing_ matters - I have a lot of things I care about. It's just that, it doesn't matter what anyone will think of me from here on out. It's time I stop pretending. Yeah, no, I'm sick of it. Although I want to keep up an internet persona of a really terrible person, but also quite serious suddenly when it matters. I realize I love fucking with people, I love toying with their perception  of me. I also love breaking down people's defenses and pointing out their deepest darkest flaws, just to say it and bring it out in the open. I would love to use those to my advantages.

Ah, I feel something coming. Like I'm turning into someone I would hate 3 years ago. Earlier I dreamt there was a girl at work who flirted with me. I thought she was older than me. Then my then-best friend, Jaime, also liked the girl, and he believed she likes him, too. I told him nah, I think she likes me. He was pretty confident with his belief. But when the time came, the girl chose me instead of him and he was shocked. Eventually, me and the girl got together. I found out she's actually in Grade 11, and that she lives with her poor family, and also that she smells like old closet and mothballs. We still made out at her house despite it being real shitty and dirty, I didn't mind, I just wanted her all over me. Then, sometime that week, I met up with my ex-girlfriend at a hotel. She confessed she still liked me, we almost kissed, but I don't remember being intimate with  her at all. I lied about it to my girlfriend, told her I didn't meet up with her, so technically I cheated. There was a scene where I was with my girlfriend and ex-girlfriend at the same time, with some friends too. And I could tell my ex was really jealous because my girlfriend was all over me. I liked it. I liked the attention. That's just my desire in real life, isn't it? Having someone desire me. Very pathetic. I didn't even care if she's a minor or even if she's 10 years older than me. I also dreamt my classmates in 9th grade all wanted to meet up because it was Russell's birthday. I absolutely did not want to come. Ricdean was there, too, for some reason. No matter how much they persuaded me I didn't want to interact with any of them, see their faces, nor attend the fucking party, no matter how extravagant or fun it was. I also didn't want to join my family and cousins with whatever they were celebrating that time. No matter how much they lured me in with gifts and food, I didn't fucking care. I did not want to be involved with anyone at all ever. I wanted to be ALONE, can't they all see that? They all gave me shit for it, they hated me - that's what I wanted all along, wasn't it? And once they turned their backs and left me alone in a house, I took a rope, tied it into a noose, and hanged myself in the living room with the TV on. That dream stayed in my mind until now.

It clearly showcases what I currently feel. I am an incredibly lonely person and that has turned me twisted on the inside that I drove people away and drove myself further into isolation. Anyway, what I was saying is that everyone's the same. I can't exactly point out how but they just all are the exact same. Wait, I think I know. They're all disgustingly... moral. At least, trying to be. Trying to be clean, and good, and faultless, disgustingly optimistic, like they never sinned in their entire lives, or trying to cover up for something they've done in the past, or acting like something "immoral" is so taboo that it's forbidden to even speak about it - I hate that. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of seeing that. I'm sick of pretending that I'm this kind of good person. I'm not a good person.

Anyway, now that I got that out of the way; I skipped one day of my 50-day challenge and I permitted myself to re-doing a day if I missed one. So I redid day 7, it's today. I still don't feel like doing anything, I kind of lost sight why I'm doing what I'm doing because it kind of feels like nothing matters right now and that everything and everyone is stupid. I've been missing my medication for 2 days now. You could say that's bad but I feel more myself when I'm not medicated, and I feel like stopping my medication just to stay this way.
