tags: [[raven]] [[spreadsheet]] [[daily notes]] 

## January

==1 - 23:59== I went to Chai's to sleep because I didn't want to sleep beside my abuser. Chai wanted to have sex but I was too sleepy. Chai didn't feel well when I left for work. I got an upgrade today. Also, it's salary day.

==2 - 23:59== I bought KFC to Chai's. I ate a lot until my stomach hurt. I fell asleep unknowingly and I sleep-talked. I had good chats for the first half of the day then bad chats for the second.

==4 - 23:59== I mentioned to Chai I was going home by Monday next week. She kind of went off and I felt guilty. I don't know how to explain to her that I need some time alone sometimes.

==5 - 23:59== Going to SM MOA with my girlfriend, watching ***The Last 10 Years***, *Life For Cuts* photobooth every month for every year, buying earphones at *MINISO*, trying out all Japanese restaurants with my girlfriend, coffee at *The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf*, buying ground coffee and almond milk, seeing kids with a gun and almost getting killed if we didn't ride a tricycle.

==7 - 6:47== I went back home from my girlfriend's, flat broke. I tried my french press for the first time, it was so fucking good that instant coffee makes me puke now. The first half of the day we didn't take chats until the second half for the second batch. The coaching session with my team manager Jons boosted my confidence. Chai had a panic attack at 1 AM while I was on lunch break. I tried to calm her down on call.

==8 - 6:04== I met up with Chai at Centris and ate chicken with rice. I was almost late again. My chats for the entire day were unsatisfactory but I was entertained. I liked sitting with Anna and Aiah. We had lots of laughs. I was feeling sad for the first half of the day but I pushed through. I'm saving up money.

==9 - 7:25== I met up with Chai again at Centris (almost didn't) but we worked it out. I was performing okay today at work, though I could do better. I ate a lot of rice.

==10 - --:--== I didn't feel well the entire day. I got sent to the clinic the first hour of work, only to receive an hour of rest, which turned into 2 hours. I chatted for the rest of the day.

==11 - --:--== I went home with Chai today. I had a really terrible flu. I slept the entire day.

==12 - --:--== I slept the entire day again.

==13 - --:--== I got sent to the hospital's emergency room because I had a high fever. Chai and my mom went with me. They took my blood sample, urine sample, and an X-Ray. It came out with negative results from serious illnesses. They advised me to just take medicines and rest for 1 to 2 days. My mom got a ₱569 worth of medical certificate. My TM let me be absent for one day. I slept for the rest of the day. We watched a film. We almost had a fight but I cried and we resolved it silently.

==14 - --:--== My TM filed a VTO for me to rest for this day. I spent the morning with my girlfriend. We played *SIMS Mobile* and ate breakfast. I cried again while she does her makeup. When she went to her school, we kind of had a small disagreement but we resolved it. We met up at *Trinoma* and ate at KFC. I got to work feeling terrible physically but I managed. It feels like I'm floating through life.

==15 - --:--== I forgot what happened this day. I think my girlfriend and I met up at Trinoma and we ate at KFC.

==16 - --:--== Payday. I paid my bills and loans. I met up with my girlfriend at Trinoma again and we ate at *Pizza Hut* then *Dairy Queen*. We went to *Fully Booked* and *Timezone*. I handled a supervisor chat on my own. We talked about our issues with coach Madie. I didn't feel like spending money, up until I thought of my accessories. And I feel hyped up with music again.

==17 - --:--== Chai came over. We bought food and ate. I'm running out of money.

==18 - --:--== I spent the Saturday with my girlfriend. We just watched films and ate and drank coffee. I didn't sleep for her.

==19 - --:--== My cousins and I played D&D. Chai went home during the morning and she was all cold. I went to work sad and down. I almost killed myself and not went to work an hour before work, I stayed in the restroom. I still went to work and did my job. This might be my last day of working.

==20 - --:--== I found out some really terrible news about Chai's family. Chai came to meet me to comfort me and be with me because it's our monthsary. I feel weak. I tried talking to my Team Manager but it feels like they're deaf to my issues.

==21 - --:--== I didn't come to work today. Chai's still with me. We ate at *Shakey's*, then slept. I woke up and told my mom I didn't want to go to work anymore, I cried a lot today. Chai and I had a disagreement before she attempted to go home. I had a mental breakdown and a panic attack and really cried hard. Chai and I went outside to talk while pacifying her mom. I calmed down.

==22 - --:--== I forgot what happened this day. I probably just slept and spent the day with my girlfriend.

==23 - --:--== Chai and I went to *Trinoma* to meet her sister. Then I went to the office for the last time to return my ID, badge, and *Yubikey*. I comforted Chai because she didn't want to go home. And she comforted me because I wanted time alone but felt guilty about it.

==24 - 22:56== I spent the entire day doing what I've always planned on doing. I decluttered mostly, through digital and physical, while still keeping in touch with my girlfriend. I think this approach is the best kind for me. I even made art for the first time in a long while. I feel refreshed, like I can start anew. I ate a meal after an entire day of skipping.

==25 - 21:32== Went out with my mom to have Cheesecake groomed. Then I got so fucking angry because a guy was aggressively and inappropriately flirting with my girlfriend, knowing she's in a relationship, she's 19, and he has a wife and a kid. I didn't know what to do with all my anger and I was extremely worried about her safety that I wanted her to come home to me as soon as possible.

==26 - --:--== My girlfriend and I spent the day lazing around and making out and having sex. She cut my hair (nervously) and dyed it dark blue. We watche***d The Green Inferno*** (2013).

==27 - 23:41== My girlfriend and I started our journal together. It was a lot of fun. We also watched ***Look Back*** (2024), she cried a lot.

==28 - 23:45== Really sleepy today. Chai and I watche***d The Devil Inside***. Then we customized our altoid wallets, it was really fun! Then we took a bath after a day of not showering.

==29 - 23:06== Chai and I went to *Puregold* to buy groceries with my ₱600 giftcard I got from *Alorica*. She went home after I took an afternoon nap. I watched ***The Perks of Being a Wallflower*** (2012) dir. *Stephen Chbosky*.

==30 - --:--== Chai and I bought street foods using her money that we cashed out through GCash. We didn't have sex today because I was feeling dizzy while we were taking a bath together. She teased me about Coach Madi and we read our conversations, as well as hers and Harryl's conversations. I felt cold and I couldn't breathe. I cried a little bit because I told her this is reminding me of the time we were breaking up. We watched ***Hell House LLC***.

==31 - 23:13== I woke up and Chai wasn't talking to me. I saw her tweet. She let me listen to her songs that she made and I was so proud of her abilities, she almost didn't believe me. We tried to talk about the persistent issue with Coach Madi, we both cried. It's still not resolved but we managed somehow. Chelsea's friends came by for dinner, I cooked hotdogs. I didn't want to take a shower.

## February

==1 - 23:58== I started the day by having sex with my girlfriend. Then, she went to Bulacan with her family—I refused to go with her. I did mostly planning February and the next week for today, and did most of my habits. Chai updated me with their trip. I also asked her to tell me first before calling because I get anxious—she says she understands. She's bringing up my workmate again, and how much I've hurt her with my careless actions. I felt the fear of her leaving me leave my body and that I'll accept whatever happens from here. I think we'll break up tonight—because if she asks, I'll let her. I don't have the right to fight for myself or for this relationship to be mended. All has been done, and if she can't forgive me for that, then I'll respect whatever decision she comes up with.

==2 - 23:15== I fell asleep waiting for Chai's reply. I was fully expecting a break up message. She still came over later this day as if nothing had happened. Me, my sister, and Chai watched ***Grave Encounters*** (2011) and ***Life*** (2017). Chai and I went to *Linear* park and talked about what had happened. She said she was out of control that time and she probably didn't mean it. I told her if she breaks up with me, I'd let her because she's the one hurting and everything's my fault.

==3 - 22:54== Chai was feeling dizzy when she woke up so I went outside to buy us breakfast. We still had sex and used the strap despite her condition. We ate Mai's strawberry shortcake and some donuts. Then we watched ***Hell House LLC: The Abaddon Hotel*** (2018) after buying barbecue outside. Mom got some money from someone she called later this day. We went out again to buy *Strepsils* and corned beef as breakfast tomorrow. We didn't finish ***Hell House LLC III*** because she was really sleepy.

==4 - 21:59== Chai and I ate corned beef for breakfast. We also watched the last two films in the ***Hell House*** franchise. My sister didn't want to go to school due to mental health reasons but much to our surprise, and my girlfriend's fright, my sister was scolded for it. She cried a lot and I tried to talk to her. Chai played *Jelly Master: Mukbang ASMR* and watched ***Age of Adaline*** while she let me listen to albums. We had a bit of a talk about my passion of knowing and experiencing everything I can before I die. She called the idea weird and I felt deeply hurt and invalidated by it because that has been the reason I kept living my whole life. I started posting albums on monoquin.

==5 - 23:06== Chai and I bought, and ate, *Mi Goreng* and shawarma for breakfast. We spent almost the entire day trying to decide if she'll go home or not. She cried because of her dad. Eventually, we decided she'll just go home tomorrow. We bought *kwek-kwek*, *calamares*, and *balut*. We watched ***Nosferatu*** (2024) dir. *Robert Eggers*.

==6 - 21:27== Chai went home today. She cried a lot when she arrived at her house. I kept falling asleep in the afternoon as she needed me. I'm a terrible girlfriend. I feel like having a fever and I feel weak. I drank *Paracetamol*, although I don't plan on sleeping. I practiced ***さよならくちびる*** on guitar. I also journaled physically. There's an unbearable sadness I couldn't shake off.

==7 - 20:28== I don't feel well. I slept and drank meds the entire day. We received food from my aunt (still no coffee). I miss my girlfriend and she misses me. I still feel incredibly sad.

==8 - 23:54== I woke up to Chai's call—we talked for an hour and a half. I junk-journaled after quite some time. I edited posts for my archive account. Chai went swimming with her family—she updates me frequently. I started reading ***The Little Prince***. I still feel sick and feverish. I drank a lot of water. I made spin-the-wheel roulettes for everything—this is a game-changer.

==10 - 14:39== I went to Chai's yesterday. We celebrated her birthday. She told me not to look at her message that she sent me, for the entire night. Before sleeping, I couldn't help but read it. What I found out kept me awake for hours. She's still 17, and I slept with her just hours before. I don't know what to feel.

==11 - 22:22== I didn't go home yesterday. I stayed at Chai's and helped her set up the pool. We swam, I posted on Reddit and got comments, I got my period. Chai and her cousin Mai drank soju. I was just there. I slept soon after 12 midnight came, it's Chai's birthday. When we woke up, me and Chai had sex. We ate KFC, some leftovers from last night, then slept again. She woke me up because she'll be seeing Yen later and I'll be seeing Lou. Me, her, her nieces Dana and Gia went outside to buy choco nut and we got inside and played card games; *Uno* and *Taco Cat*. I left abruptly after, which upset Chai. She blocked me on everything. I left her an email saying if we're breaking up, just say so. I met up with Lou and told her everything. She told me I should break up with her. We also caught up with how her relationship with Yam went. It was nice seeing her again. Chai gave me a call asking me where I was. Then, later, Chai and her cousin Jai came by a few times near us but didn't talk to us. I felt heavy going home. Chai left her glasses with me, and just the idea that I'll be returning everything she owns here at my place breaks my heart into a million pieces. But this must be done. If she's not breaking up with me tonight, I might have some second thoughts.

==12 - 23:13== Chai and I almost broke up just last midnight. I told her either we should take a break or we're actually breaking up for good. She ended up going here and we both cried until our eyes were dry. She cried a lot and asking me to not leave her. I told her I can't ever do that because I promised. She stayed for the night. We bought groceries at Super 8. We ate barbecue and kimchi. We took an afternoon nap. Used the strap twice. We took a shower together (but didn't use the strap this time because I have menstruation). We watched ***Memoir of a Snail*** (2024) while eating *Mi Goreng* and we both cried. I read her film review, it was magnificent. I washed the dishes and she fell asleep. But she woke up and we both brushed our teeth.

==13 - 23:01== Chai and I had sex multiple times today. We watched ***Underwater*** (2020)  because I wanted to watch something thalassophobic. We bought street foods again. I also ate strawberry *Melona* ice cream. We got quite the scare when I tasted something metallic on Chai's vagina. We tried to watch another horror film called ***Kuwaresma*** but Chai fell asleep.

==16 - 11:59== Chai, her family, and I went to *Binganonan* to celebrate her niece's birthday. Our ride was a total of 4 hours, we arrived there at 9 PM. The place was huge, we swam at night (I was originally going to just read a book but I felt guilty) and played various things. We didn't drink, and we slept at 1 AM. The next day, I woke up late. I didn't drink coffee. We ate lots of food. We swam again at night and played games with the family. Chai wasn't feeling well so we slept early and didn't drink again. I woke up at 11 AM today and I'm feeling kind of overwhelmed. I want to go home. It feels like I don't belong here.

==17 - 21:13== Yesterday, I didn't feel well when I woke up. My social battery was running low and it kind of took a toll on Chai. I had to explain I wanted some time alone so I stayed up at the tree house alone and finished reading ***The Little Prince*** while Chai took a swim. Then, we spoke a bit, ate lunch, then I went back to sleep. I woke up at night and we're going home already. Chai was drunk, and she insisted on removing her fingerprint on my phone the start of the car ride. She slept for the rest. Then her cousin's husband gave us a ride home to San Joaquin, where we slept as soon as we got home. We woke up earlier and finished watching ***Kuwaresma*** while eating *Mi Goreng*. After playing tattoos (me drawing on Chai), we bought fries & drinks, some nail polish at Mercury, then watched ***Ghost Rider*** (2007) while also eating chips. We were watching ***It's Such a Beautiful Day*** (2012) when Chai felt really sick that she had to go and rest.

==18 - 23:18== Parallel play: Chai watching a film, me studying anatomy for artists with my new drawing materials. Got McDonald's at 5 AM with that classic McCoffee Vanilla. I'm almost at the brink of mania—or a mixed episode. Hello Kitty tote bag, Minute Burger + ice cream, and the sour chicken burger with hot sauce while watching ***Ghost Rider 2***. 100 black pens (one exploded) + red and blue pens. I watched ***The Holy Mountain*** (1973) and edited a post for *monoquin*.

==19 - 23:24== Chai didn't come back today, I did a bunch of things. I ate two McDonald's burgers today and I received a slice of cheese instead of a cheese dunk—I contacted Food Panda customer service and they gave me a refund coupon worth ₱50. I'm becoming manic and I spent ₱659 worth of Tik Tok goods. I started studying tarot again.

==20 - 22:48== Chai's still at her cousin's. I spent the day listening and reviewing albums. I also had an epiphany; how to remember everything for the rest of my life; turn it into art—which made me create art based on the 4 suits of the tarot cards.

==21 - 22:31== Chai's cousin Jai came over, she stayed until 8:30 PM. Dad got his money—we bought coffee and mom cooked "*sifo*." We tried my newly-bought Barako whole beans coffee; it tastes really good. My charger stopped working—I ordered one on Tik Tok. Chai and I watched ***Tarot*** but she fell asleep.

==22 - --:--== Chai and I started watching ***Black Mirror*** and bought food at House of Blends and some grilled street food. I ordered new earphones.

==24 - 22:57== I cut my finger on the electric fan yesterday and it hurt. Chai treated my wound and said I'm too sensitive. She and I continued watching ***Black Mirror***. My *QKZ AK6* earphones came and I was so excited to try it. We were at Linear park by evening—we talked about her BPD symptoms and how from there, she's not sure what to do. I didn't know what to do either, so I cried, and that triggered her, too. We went back and we're okay again. She fell asleep.

==26 - 22:10== We continued watching ***Black Mirror***. Then I junk-journaled while she paints in watercolor.

==27 - 21:02== We watched six episodes of ***Black Mirror*** for the entire day. The episode ***Bandersnatch*** is an interactive film on Netflix, it was really really fun. We also had sex almost five times.

==28 - 23:00== We finally finished ***Black Mirror***—well, after Chai crying in the morning and we both took a nap—but we finished it. We also played some two-player games on my brother's laptop.

## March

==1 - 21:28== Bought groceries with Chai. We ate *Chicken Cordon Bleu* and tomato soup with kimchi fried rice. We watched ***Pan's Labyrinth*** (2006), art-journaled and went on *MitsuAya* discord server.

==2 - 21:14== Chai and I watched ***Twilight*** until ***Breaking Dawn Part 1***. We ate *Mi Goreng* in the afternoon and mom made squash soup. I didn't let dad use the last of my fresh milk and he got pretty annoyed by that. I made a dumb mistake of reacting out loud which made Chai jump up in fear—I froze up after saying sorry, like I always do. I didn't take a shower with Chai today because I felt really dizzy, like I have vertigo. We cleaned the room. I dreamt I cheated on Chai with Christine, it was awful. I was so happy I woke up.

==3 - 23:07== Chelsea's friend Gwen slept at our house. Chai and I watched 3 films today. She let me do what I want on my own while she sleeps.

==4 - 20:09== Chai and I watched ***Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children*** and ***The Spiderwick Chronicles***. I also studied 6th grade math and took a JLPT N5 test.

==5 - 22:27== I started the day really grumpy and grouchy—I almost wanted to be left alone by everyone, including my girlfriend. But I kind of snapped out of it when I got up from bed to make coffee. Me and my girlfriend bought fresh milk and *Mi Goreng* at Mercury, and turon and *ginataang bilo-bilo* nearby. Then we watched zombie films ***Train to Busan*** and ***# Alive*** — then started watching ***Kingdom***. We gave Cheesecake a bath and I showered.

==6 - 23:31== Chai and I spent our entire day finishing the entire ***킹덤 [Kingdom]*** series. I also felt really soft around my girlfriend and I feel so in love with her. I can't help but be extremely gentle.

==7 - 23:55== Our water got cut off, as well as the internet—they will be fixed tomorrow. Chai's cousin Mai was at Linear park so we went to her and talked a bit, then she came to our house for her online class. Chai and I looked at my photos from school and laughed about it. We also played games and watched short horror films. We went out to withdraw money and buy food. I finally tried the creamy cheesy *Buldak* by adding milk and cream cheese and mozzarella—it tasted okay, won't try it again. Me, Chai, and Chelsea watched top 5 creepy videos on Youtube.

==8 - 22:07== I woke up to complete chaos; there were items everywhere, cement dust on the floor, wires, random men in the bathroom fixing our pipes—it was a disaster. Chai and I managed to eat *Mi Goreng* on the table. We also took a bath with our finally renovated bathroom, it was nice. Although we couldn't use the bathroom for the rest of the day so we had to do our business in one hour. Chai and I went to KFC to pee. Then, me, Chai, and Chelsea watched ***Top 5 Nuke's*** on Youtube once again and got really scared. Suddenly, it's night time and we had nothing to do so we decided to go to sleep. I cried a lot remembering my school days and having no one and being fake. Chai comforted me by saying she is the reminder that I can be myself. I love her so much. I accidentally used a lot of my mobile data for posting, forgetting I wasn't using the Wi-Fi. The rashes on my skin is getting worse. We'll go to the dermatologist on Monday.

==9 - 12:10== Chai and I went to Super 8 to buy food. Me, Chelsea, and Chai watched ***Nuke's Top 5*** again. There was an incident where I felt jealous and possessive when I replied on Chai's selfie on Discord and she told me she's another girl's wife—it was just for fun and it was such a stupid little thing which made me quiet for the rest of the night. Chai almost went home and we didn't talk until we fell asleep. I cried hard and for a long time beside her.

==10 -21:31== Chai and I went to the skin clinic to get my rashes checked—it's a *perioral dermatitis* and I'll be needing lots of meds for this. The internet came back today and we watched 3/4 of ***Insidious*** and then ***Exhuma*** with Chai. I felt such a deep sadness in the evening.

==11 - 22:01== We made new *Bondee* accounts. We watched ***Knives Out*** (2019) dir. *Rian Johnson* and we had a short discussion about it. Chai suffered an overstimulation meltdown because she wants to sleep but can't. I possibly triggered her by accidentally raising my voice at her. I couldn't do anything but fidget uncontrollably beside her. But when she started crying, I tried consoling her to sleep, it worked.

==12 - 22:45== Mom caught me reading and writing in the dark of my room. I shrugged it off, she was annoyed that I ignored the fact that my eyesight will get worse. Chai and I watched ***Glass Onion*** and ***Tuck Everlasting***, where she cried a whole lot. She played ***Insaniquarium Deluxe*** while I watch. We contemplated on her going back home to *Pinagbuhatan* but decided against it in the end. We had a nice conversation before I made her fall asleep.

==13 - 22:36== Chai and I cleaned our room—we arranged our things, swept the floor, mopped it, vacuumed the walls, and even change the sheets. She bathed Cheesecake. I washed the dishes and cooked rice. We showered separately. I was so tired that I'm not in the mood for anything. We watched a *Ghibli* film that I didn't really remember the title of. We got bored watching so I just used the laptop and set up my user account. I also set up the GitHub Obsidian sync, even onto my iPhone.

==15 - 00:11== Chai went to *Pinagbuhatan* today. I slept in the morning. I hyperfixated on downloading MP3 songs and adding my journal entries to my Obsidian notes. I feel out-of-it, like I'm not in control. I couldn't give my girlfriend some proper attention today. My knees hurt.

==16 - 00:32== I was NOT in the mood for the entire day. I just wanted to be left alone and not spoken to. I just re-read and edited all my existing notes in Obsidian and I think I'll be doing this for the rest of the week, until I'm finished.

==16 - 22:15== Chai came home today, late at night. I waited for her while I edit my journal entries on Obsidian. I fell asleep too when she fell asleep. I spent the entire day editing my notes again while Chai's asleep. I think I'll put all my data in Obsidian.

==18 - 23:10== Chai and I watched ***Laputa: Castle in the Sky***. Then I probably triggered her in some way and she stopped talking to me and wanting to kill herself. I was stupefied, didn't know what to do. All I can do was cry and think about how I'm such a useless girlfriend to her, and that I'm probably not meant for her.

==20 - 22:48== It's our 7th monthsary and as usual, I had a hard time waking up. We watched three *Ghibli* films: ***Grave of the Fireflies***, ***My Neighbor Totoro***, and ***Kiki's Delivery Service***. We made paper planes and crash gears and laughed and kissed a lot. We also went out to buy stuff, and coffee. I didn't get to eat ice cream. I felt weak and dizzy by the evening before we took a bath together. 

==21 - 21:41== We watched ***The Medium*** (2021) and talked about a weird thing that happened—me apparently talking about that film and me also not having any recollection about it. We also went out to buy grilled street foods for dinner. We had eggs and toast for breakfast, then mushroom soup for lunch. 

==23 - 00:04== Me and Chai played video games all day. I installed an emulator and played *Pokemon Emerald* for most of the day. We went out with Chelsea to buy street foods for dinner. We watched ***Coherence*** (2013) and had a lot of laughs with random funny Tik Tok videos. 

==23 - 23:55== Chai and I woke up and immediately played *Pokemon Emerald* while eating *Mi Goreng*. I washed a lot of dishes today. We went out in the afternoon to buy hotdogs then we ate them along with KFC chicken which Ate Tina bought while watching ***Afflicted*** (2013) with her. I made a new *Backloggd* account for tracking video games because I feel like I'll be addicted to them from now on. 

==24 - 23:15== Played *Pokemon* almost all day. My sister was in a good mood since she's going swimming with her friends. I feel lethargic almost the entire day. I felt like shit for most of the time, but I also had moments when I was laughing with my girlfriend. She talked to me about ***Bleach*** and its lore and why she loves certain characters—it was adorable. We ended the day with a bath. 

==26 - 02:34== My girlfriend and I watched ***Incantation*** (2022) and ***Ocean's Eight*** (2018). We slept in the afternoon. I feel really claustrophobic with my life right now. I just want to go back to when I was miserable and alone.

==26 - 23:29== I felt so claustrophobic and uncomfortable in my own skin. I want to rip my hair off and claw my eyes out. I have so much energy and drive to do things but I feel like rotting, like something's just not right inside me. I had a small break down in the morning (probably because I didn't sleep) and Chai comforted me and hugged me until I calmed down. She told me I was the best thing that's ever happened to her life. We both played *Pokemon Emerald* all evening. I started taking the cream for my *perioral dermititis* again. 

==28 - 00:46== Chai and I played *Pokemon* in the afternoon, watched ***Ready Or Not*** (2019), had oral sex (and got caught by my younger sister as I was sucking her boobs) and then I cried really really hard in the evening because I felt so guilty for wanting to do other stuff instead of doing what my girlfriend likes. We ended the day still talking and laughing, and I didn't want to ruin my time with her by being depressed and weepy about everything. 

==28 - 23:55== I woke up to Chai being prepared to go to Pinagbuhatan. I saw her tweets, and knew immediately something was wrong but it took me a long time before I figured it out by her telling me that she saw my Reddit post about her accidentally. She asked me how come I'm so sure that my love for her is real. She told me she was so sorry for everything and that our love will always be eternal, no matter what. I was crying almost the entire day and my mom noticed probably. It sounded like she's breaking up with me, and I assumed that. Turns out she wasn't, and we were okay by the evening. We were on an hour-and-forty-minute call where I just stared at her face and we prepared food simultaneously. She's been drinking all day and she had a hard time falling asleep because the light in the room is on. 

==30 - 01:25== I woke up with Chai calling me while I woke up in an extremely hyperactive mood. We talked for a while and my sister invited us to go to the museum. Suddenly, things took a turn; Chai won't be staying at our house, my sister cancelled our short trip, and I was going insane with disappointment. Chai still went to our house, as soon as I told her I'll be going with her back to Pinagbuhatan. We watched ***Tayo sa Huling Buwan Ng Taon*** (2019) and cried about our supposed breakup messages yesterday. We went to Pinagbuhatan, drank alcohol, and Chai cried really hard for all the love she's feeling for everyone and all the hate she's feeling for herself. She told me if given the choice, she'd chooseher family over me, despite loving me more than anything else. Strangely, I didn't feel hurt. In fact, I loved her even more because of all the love she has in her. I'm just afraid nobody will be there for her if I'm gone in her life. She puked a lot and I helped her until she fell asleep. I can't sleep. My mind's sharp and my emotions strangely in tact. I didn't drink my antipsychotics for two days in a row now. I'm hungry but I'm full of love for my girlfriend.  

==30 - 23:23== I stayed up all night watching over my girlfriend sleeping as I watched Tik Tok. I was so hungry and so confused that I found a hammer next to her on the bed. We ate a lot of hotdogs and chicken nuggets this day. Caught a Jigglypuff at Route 115 and named it Chai. We took a bath together. We did a lot of deep discussions. We played with the cats. We did a Tik Tok dance trend. Had an autistic meltdown. She cleared things up with me with what she said last night when she was drunk. We went home, ate again, then prepared to go to sleep. It dawned on me just how much I love her and always will. I was so level-headed and my thoughts were so clear that I remembered everything from last night and I took care of her while she has a hangover.


## April

==1 - 00:34 (Tue)== Chai was trying to wake me up but I was so drowsy and sleepy that I can't force myself to. Eventually I did wake up because she was crying—she was really hungry and her mother's messaging her to go home. She calmed down eventually and I still slept in the afternoon for a bit. We ate *Baliwag* chicken twice, some shawarma cheese fries, and egg sandwiches while me, Chai, and Chelsea watched ***The Conjuring*** (2013). 

==2 - 23:07== I didn't sleep. I did everything in my to-do list before sleeping in the morning. We played *Pokemon* for most of the day. Chai, Chelsea, and I watched ***Companion*** (2025). I got dizzy and had a headache in the evening but I still managed to get up to buy bread outside because I wanted an egg sandwich. 

==2 - 23:42== I did nothing on my to-do list except play ***Pokemon Emerald***. My girlfriend and I finished the game (with cheats involved). We almost did nothing all day except laugh a lot with my sister. I accidentally raised my voice at my girlfriend. I'm so dumb. I started playing ***Corpse Party*** on a PlayStation Portable emulator on my phone. I feel really dumb today so I refuse to take my meds tonight. We cleaned the room.

==3 - 23:08== I did most of my to-do tasks today. I'm not supposed to sleep but I almost went insan by 5 AM that I forced myself to sleep. I woke up with a bad dream; my girlfriend got pregnant with another man but we named the baby (sprout plant) together (Leafa or something). We tried to find the baby's name online. I played ***Corpse Party***. We watched the series ***Midnight Mass*** (2021) and I was completely blown away by the ending that I got paralyzed. I felt whole yet a large gaping hole was left inside me. I felt really horny while watching the series so my girlfriend and I had sex today whilst doing so. I drew ink tattoos on my girlfriend in the afternoon. We bought barbecue as well and a 1.5-liter Coke for dinner.

==4 - 22:31== I woke up and fingered my girlfriend on bed. We almost stopped because of my performance but I made her come eventually. I finished chapter 1 of ***Corpse Party***. Afterwards, I didn't want to do anything but cry. So, Chai and I were laying in bed and professing our love for each other. I also confessed how I grieved for her and started to accept that she'll leave eventually. Then, we went to Super 8 to buy food. We ate at the dining table, we were stuffed. Then, we decided to start watching the ***Marvel***
***Cinematic Universe*** in order based on the timeline by starting with ***Captain America: The First Avenger***. We didn't finish it though because Chai got really sleepy near the end.

==6 - 00:10== Chai and I watched 6 Marvel films for the entire day. By the end, I felt dizzy and my eyes were sorely tired. I got a little bit wet and horny when I pressed my crotch against my girlfriend's ass. I wish I had a dick.

==7 - 12:52== I didn't sleep. Chai and I watched Mrvel the entire day. I felt irritated and wanting to cry for the entire day but I suppressed it. I almost killed myself last night by overdosing on antipsychotics because I triggered Chai, for the hundredth time, and I felt so mad at myself for missing something so simple and still had the audacity to cry about it. I felt worthless and I really hate myself for making her cry again. And so I wanted to end it last night. But I ended up crying hard on my girlfriend's shoulder and then we took a bath. 

==8 - 00:30== I mostly don't remember what we did today. Chai and I probably watched like 3 Marvel films. Then we went to Puregold. Then watched again. I still hate myself and cried a lot in the morning when I remember why I wanted to die.

==8 - 22:44== I didn't sleep. I transferred my physical journal notes to Obsidian. Then I cried and got all sentimental over my girlfriend on the internet and how I wanted to die. I talked to a stranger about suicide and mental illness. We cleaned the house in the morning. Tita Vic and her grandchild CJ came here. We ate carbonara, I got money. We watched 5 Marvel films today. I'm glad I didn't get overwhelmed. 

==9 - 23:44== My girlfriend and I watched 3 Marvel films—including ***Avengers: Infinity War***. She slept in the afternoon on my lap because her head hurt. I did almost everything wrong today and I feel terrible. I apologized to my girlfriend for being clingy. It's crazy how much my perception changes and it quickly reverts back to thinking about suicide.

==10 - 23:36== Chai and I watched ***Avengers: Endgame*** and it's still as good as ever. We also finished ***WandaVision*** in one sitting. 

==11 - 23:23== Chai and I finished ***Loki***. It's still the best. I was insane in between. We ate two graham bars each. We ate barbecue for dinner. I felt like I wanted to kill myself the entire day. But I told my girlfriend whenever I kiss her, hug her, or smell her, I calm down. I ate my girlfriend out in the bathroom but I couldn't make her finish because I couldn't breathe. I felt like shit. I smashed my head on the wall by accident because Chai was tickling me, I had a slight concussion. 

==12 - 23:32== Chai was sick for almost the entire day because her menstruation is coming up. My poor baby. I did everything I can to make her feel at least comfortable and well. We did our best to finish ***Deadpool & Wolverine***. I felt like killing myself for the entire day, too. We ate graham bars though and drank coke.

==13 - 23:55== I was so miserable, I kept crying to my girlfriend. Everything single thing hurt. Even when we started having sex, I cried. Even when she cried, I still made it about me and had her comfort me while I cried. I felt so shitty about that, I felt like a shitty girlfriend. I feel so bad and then I feel so bad for feeling bad. It's an endless feedback loop. We didn't watch any movie today but we slept in the afternoon while holding hands. 

==14 - --==  I had a fucking meltdown just because my mom wanted me to buy shit outside. I don't remember anything else.

==15 - 23:38== I spent the day with my girlfriend, just chilling and watching TikTok videos. I helped her with her eye stye. We almost had a fallout because I had a meltdown but we made up shortly after. We ate *tokwang sisig* for dinner. We sent her mom a copy of her ID and her signature so that Chai won't have to go home. 

==16 - --== Chai and I went to NCMH for my check-up. Almost had a breakdown in the morning because we were both feeling pressured but we managed. The lines were short and the process was quick. We also had to deal with her mom who wanted her to come home and leave me that instant. We still went with it, the doctor was a bit tired, but I got my meds from PhilHealth and not from Malasakit this time. Chai and I were so tired when we got home that after showering we tried sleeping but both of us both got triggered and she told me she wanted to go home tomorrow without me.

==17 - 21:34== Chai and I went to Puregold in the morning despite the scorching heat and mouth-watering hunger. I couldn't wash the dishes because of me and Chai were starving so we cooked *Mi Goreng* first.  We watched ***Shang-Chi*** today. 

==19 - 01:27== Chai let me sleep until 11 AM and I'm so thankful to her for that even though she cried to me in the morning saying she's not enough for me to stay alive. We bathe Cheesecake and we took a bath together. We went to Mercury and then we played Pokemon Unite when we got home. In the late evening, her, me, and my sister talked for hours about random stuff. Chai and I had sex while my sister's in the bathroom but Chai didn't finish even though she was so close.  

==20 - 00:15== A fucking iron dropped on my foot at 4 in the morning and I was in so much agony for almost the entire day, I couldn't walk but I had to, I have no choice. Chai and I played Pokemon Unite the entire day. Then we washed our clothes for tomorrow. We played one last time at night but the gameplay was so shitty that we just gave up. 

==20 - 22:14== I posted on Instagram for my 8th monthsary with Chai. Chai and I played Pokemon Unite, I changed my settings so my games don't lag. Then we spent the entire day preparing for going back home to her house in Quezon City. We went there, the line very long at Ortigas, buses jam-packed, but we managed. I love my pretty beautiful girlfriend. 

==22 - 01:00== Chai, I, and her mom woke up really early so we could go get Chai a QC ID. It was quick. Her mom cried to me and talked about her studies and how she wants me to talk to Chai and encourage her to continue studying. We still didn't have load. When we got home, it was really hot. Her mom went away so that left me with Chai and me in the room. It ended up with steaming hot sex while Chai was half-asleep. I made her cum 7 times in a row. Then we showered, ate lunch, and watched ***Spider-Man: Far From Home***. We ate dinner and slept early after playing 2 rounds of Pokemon Unite.

==22 - 21:00== Chai and I had a talk about our supposed-to-be breakups in the morning. We both cried. She later told me about how she avoids talking about our problems because it triggers her splits. I then waited for her to come back with her mom from somewhere that they needed to do while I ice my toe and do nothing but worry about my girlfriend. Then, we went to some friend of their mom's to have their manicure and pedicure, as well as their haircuts. Chai and I was there for more than an hour, we played Plato and Pokemon Unite offline mode and I finished my Japanese journal notes on Obsidian. After that, her mom, me, and Chai went to Ayala Malls to eat at McDonald's then to Super 8 to buy stuff. We illegally crossed streets. My feet was really sore but we managed to take a bath, albeit cut a little too short because of other family members wanting to use the bathroom. Chai really liked it when I scratched her head with shampoo. 

==23 - 21:55== Chai and I had sex in the morning multiple times. We played Pokemon Unite almost the entire day and watched ***Eternals*** (2021) for 4 hours. Then played Pokemon Unite again with Yen and Armor.

==24 - 21:41== Chai talked about her feelings in the morning and how much everything still feels wrong and she feels bad. I just cried the entire time, and I couldn't find the proper words to say. We scrambled their house, and rearranged the furniture to find clothes for Saturday. We had sex while her mom's gone, she liked it when I put her tongue inside her. We watched ***Spider-Man: No Way Home***. We ate *balut* and *penoy*.

==26 - 00:12== It was really hot and humid today. Chai's family got into a fight, too, so it set off Chai in the wrong way for the entire day. But we managed to finish ***Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness*** and then prepare to meet Yen in the evening. Chai's mom went with us to Yen's but went straight home afterwards. Then, Yen, Chai, and I went to Watson's then ate at McDonald's while I tamper with a camera app in my phone. We stayed in an airconditioned room until midnight before we had to move to the loft to sleep until 4 AM to go to Zambales.

==27 - 22:00== Woke up at 3 AM to prepare togo to Zambales. Let's just say the entire day is filled with chaos. Lots of stuff forgotten to bring, lots of stuff stuffed in the car, lots of stuff happening that almost disabled us to reach our destination. The entire time, me and Chai just took pictures in the car ride there. We all ate at a Pares restaurant, Chai ordered *sisig*, it was okay. Chai and I drifted on and off to sleep until we reached the *palengke* where we shopped ingredients. Chai led the way, Yen held the money, and I carried the bags. We reached the resort, turns out we were just in an open *kubo* house with no resting place or proper restroom or bathroom. We made do—we cooked our lunch, we didn't have rice but we made do. Turns out Yen and Armor weren't okay, and she opened up to us about it while the three of us, Chai, me, and Yen were drinking alcohol and cooking hotdogs. Chai got drunk from tequila and I hated the taste of it. It was a nice set of conversations as we wait for the sun to set so we can go swim. We left Yen alone so me and Chai went to the sea for a swim, not before frantically searching for Yen and Armor to confirm if Chai's phone is with them. Then, me and Chai enjoyed our romantic moment playing in the water and drifting with the waves. We kissed, we watched the sunset, I asked her to marry me again. We took a bath, with our caked feet with sand, rust-smelling shortage of water, the dirty bathroom floor, and the lack of storage space inside. I even fucked up by not buying toothpaste and returning to my girlfriend in the bath empty-handed but we made do by buying toothpaste and just brushing our teeth outside. Then, from the cramped tent space, and much to Chai's greatest inconvenience, we managed to squeeze her inside next to Yen and I made her fall asleep finally by brushing her hair and fanning her face. I made coffee, charged Chai's phone, and sat down playing Pokemon Unite. Chai woke up and she snapped at me twice. I felt really hurt that I just wanted to sit in the corner with my music. I was gonna cry so I stood up and walked around. Then I attempted to walk to the shore, to the sea, when Chai called me from behind. We got into an argument and I was almost crying. She was a bit angry and upset that I couldn't hear her at all and I couldn't explain myself properly without her being confused. It was like in an indie film. But we made up eventually. We talked about the stars, the ocean, our differences and my flaws and how she's not the only one in the relationship. She said she just wanted water, I said I just wanted reassurance—then we both said our 'I love you's. I put her to sleep before I went to bed myself. 

==27 - --== Chai woke me up because she had to pee. Then we went to the sea to wash our feet because there's no water in the restroom. Afterwards, we prepared our food for 3 hours, occasionally going out to buy stuff with Chai and I's money because we didn't want to ask Armor for money. Yen and him still aren't speaking. After we ate, Chai and Yen went for a swim while me and Armor arranged our things. I went to Chai and Yen at the beach but I didn't join them in the water but instead used my phone because there's signal in the sea. We went back shortly after and I helped Yen and Chai while they took a bath each in separate bathrooms. Then we arranged the things again, got in the car, and set off. An ***Explosions in the Sky*** album plays in the car stereo and it was really quiet. Chai and I were contemplating how to ask if they can just drop us off at her mom's. Armor bought us McDonald's before we got home so we ate chicken sandwiches and fries. When we got home, Chai and I had sex because her mom's not here. Then we ate dinner, and went straight to sleep without taking a shower. 

==28 - 21:01== Chai was kind of pissed in the morning because her mom was loud and she just wants to sleep more. I tried making her sleep but she couldn't. We talked about Yen and tried to explain things to her in our perspective. Then we watched ***Black Panther: Wakanda Forever***. I contacted Security Bank customer service because I lost my ATM card. 

==29 - 21:15== Chai and I woke up and immediately ate because they had to leave by 11 AM. I was left in their house until 6 PM. I loaded my phone with ₱56 worth of data. Chai and I barely talked because she stopped replying around tne afternoon. Turns out there's no signal there and their phones got taken away. It rained here and I was going almost insane because I feared something bad happened to them. But they were okay and I just missed my girlfriend so bad. We ate dinner, didn't go to Yen's for today, and slept.

==30 - --== I spent the day waiting (probably, I don't remember). But I told Chai I'm in a depressive episode. We went to Yen's in the evening, after my girlfriend had a short breakdown because she was overwhelmed. Chai, Yen, and I ordered Jollibee in Food Panda after much trouble, only to have the food that arrived to be incorrect. We demanded a refund, ate the food, and wait for Armor to come bring chicken. We ate chicken, prepared the bed upstairs and slept. 


## May 

==1 - 23:02== Chai and I went outside to buy food for brunch. We ate without Yen. I drank 2 coffees. Chai went to take a nap—we set up our bed beside the aircon. I finished my monthly goals while Chai sleeps. We woke up a little later and we three watched ***Impertigore***. It was okay. I didn't smell good anymore so I insisted we take a bath, so Chai and I did. Chai injured herself in the bathroom so I went downstairs to buy band-aids. I was so hungry my stomach was hurting so I cooked 2 Mac and Cheese packs. Armor came with food but I didn't want to eat with them without my girlfriend so I just said I was full (though that's true, I still feel bad I had to skip eating with them). 

==2 - 23:51== I ate *Kare-Kare* and chicken curry in the morning—Chai prepared everything. Then she went to sleep while I transferred my Goodreads book reviews. I ate Chai out, then afterwards we went out to buy street foods while it rained very hard. Then, Yen, me, and Chai watched ***Satan's Slaves*** and ***28 Days Later***. We went out to eat with Armor at a *Pastil* carinderia, then Chai and I went home to Lakad street. 

==3 - 22:34== I woke up with all the fans closed and Chai not beside me. I thought she left me. Anyways, we had sex (she didn't leave) while her mom was out. We ordered KFC for brunch (with her money). Then we lazed around after Biyo came by to talk to us about Marvel and X-Men. We watched ***X-Men: First Class*** after I cried to Chai asking if I'm not enough to her. I got a bit triggered about my past sexual trauma when we talked about my private parts and we both got quiet up until we finished taking a bath. She had stomach cramps so she had to go to sleep early. 

==4 - 21:07== Chai and I had 2 small disagreements today. One was when I opened up to her how she can be quite intimidating and would come across as very opposing to an open conversation. The other was when she opened up about how she had to subdue herself around me to the point she didn't know how to approach me anymore without me feeling hurt and now she doesn't know herself anymore. We both don't know how to resolve it but we cried about it and tried to make up.

==5 - 20:40== I woke up, ate burger steak, and immediately watched Marvel with my girlfriend. We had a long nice discussion about time travel, multiverse, philosophy and science. Then afterwards, we snooped into their documents and her baby pictures, I almost cried. Then we talked about my traumas I've never told anyone before and listened to ***Daddy*** by *Korn* with her. We didn't take a bath today. 

==6 - 19:47== Chai and I ate sliced longganisa. I cried to her because she said she wanted me to go home today, but she took it back after I couldn't stop crying. Then she went to sleep. When she woke up, we talked about horror films and searched for apartments to rent on the internet. We ate street food for dinner. 

==7 - 19:54== Chai and I woke up early and finished Loki Season 2. It was so fucking good. Then we talked abou moving houses again and getting jobs and she got a little bit frustrated with me because I kept staring into nothing and thinking hard and not sharing anything with her. But really, those were just stream of thoughts that I don't remember anymore. I might be a bit sensitive and off today. I couldn't laugh wholeheartedly and I couldn't do what I want to do because I felt anhedonic.

==8 - 19:53== Chai and I woke up early again and ate hotdogs with onions and ketchup. Then we talked to the Google AI Gemini; me in Japanese, and her in Spanish. I had fun. I even turned my Siri into Japanese mode. Then we slept in the afternoon. Afterwards, we talked about random stuff about school and being kids. We ate pancit canton and a cooler with coffee. We also customized our house in a game. Chai got frustrated with me because I couldn't pleasure her properly. I felt really melancholic as I was putting her to sleep so I cried.

==9 - 22:22== We watched ***The Witch*** starring Anya Taylor-Joy. It was a slow and boring day. I cried after drawing Chai's face. I cried a lot. I let Chai read my journal entry last night. She took a bath alone while I slept and catered to my headache. I woke up and took a bath. We ate dinner. Ate Tina told me about how my brother proposed to her, we talked for a while. 

==10 - 12:31== Chai and I watched ***Cube***, my favorite film. We talked about it briefly afterwards. Chai fell asleep around the afternoon while I transcribed notes from my journal. 

==11 - 21:26== Chai and I played Pokemon Unite almost the entire day. Then I cried as she teased me because I was about to go home. But we talked about it and I changed my mind, I'll be leaving on the 15th. Then we watch***ed X-Men Origins: Wolverine***. 

==12 - 21:06== Chai and I woke up early because she had to go vote and be a watcher at the elections. I stayed at the house while I chat with her on Messenger. She came home by 10 AM, ate lunch with me, then we just watched ***X-Men*** films while her family stays over until 6 PM after we all ate tuna pasta. I loaned ₱2000 on GCash which Chai didn't like.

==13 - 20:20== We immediately started watching ***X-Men***. Then we ordered shawarma in the afternoon when Chai couldn't sleep. We continued watching ***X-Men***. Chai ordered items on my Tik Tok. We also played *Pokemon Unite*.

==14 - 21:05== Chai and I played *Pokemon Unite* for the entire day. Then I cried to her about how heavy I'm feeling and she told me she's feeling heavy too and just avoiding it so she won't self-destruct.

==15 - 23:10== Chai and I played *Pokemon Unite* almost the entire day—I'm getting the hang of using Umbreon. I got Chai's parcel outside and bought some stuff at the *sari-sari* store. I messed up with my Obsidian committing too large of a file. I had to work my around my previous version history from GitHub and restart everything in my phone bit by bit. 

==16 - 22:29== I went with Chai to receive her watcher cash money at Marcel Drive. We rode the jeepney and I was sitting on 1/8 of my ass. We went to SM Morth afterwards, ate at Greenwich, made our own Yogurt Mix at Yowell, then went home and took a shower. I was really drenched. Chai learned how to use the menstrual cup but decided against it in the end. She cried to me about how scared she was of everything and how she just wanted to live for a while, and I cried because I wanted so bad to give her a life she deserves. I told her she was the reason I'm not afraid, she was the reason I keep going — I wondered if I even said the right words — so I cried again. We watched ***Past Lives*** (2023). 

==17 - 20:11== We played *Pokemon Unite*. We talked about the question "Is it necessary to preserve your sense of self when loving someone fully?" and she wrote about it. Then we watched ***Sweet Home*** until episode 4. 

==18 - 21:59== I became Veteran Class 5 in *Pokemon Unite*. Chai's mom went somewhere away so we were left and Chai became kind of busy. We finished ***Sweet Home*** (2020) though. I drank my meds late. I'm going home tomorrow. 

==19 - 20:31== I was supposed to go home today but ended up didn't. Chai and I played *Pokemon Unite* and watched season 2 of *Sweet Home*. We also took care of her grandma. She was a bit stressed and not feeling well. Her mom came home with lots of food, we ate a lot. It was nice.

==20 - --== It's Chai and I's 9th monthsary. I bleached and dyed her hair. I felt terrible because I'm not really doing a good job. She dyed my hair deep purple, too. We contemplated on going home, but I'm the one who has to. In the end, we went home on a JoyRide car, and her mom didn't speak to us going out. It was a quiet ride, I was almost crying because I felt retarded for the entire day. But she held my hand and slept on my shoulder and I felt calm. We got home tired—we ate, brushed our teeth, pet Cheesecake, then slept abruptly. 

==22 - 2:42== Chai and I woke up at 5:30 AM to sleep until 10 AM. Only then did we prepare to go to NCMH. We got my meds, after some trouble finding a print shop for my ID. The wait was short, then we went to *Shangrila* mall Jollibee, I got a double cheesy yum burger worth 200 pesos. Then we went to Megamall to go to Life Four Cuts and got our picture taken, that is after her making me find the place for 15 minutes. The bus home wait was long. We bought stuff at Mercury, then were really tired by the time we got home. An hour later, we went outside again to buy dinner and coffee. I felt bad because it felt like I just forced Chai into coming home with me, but I managed. We watched ***Sinners*** (2025) with Chelsea, then discussed about many random things, while Chai posted about our month-sary.

==22 - 23:22== I barely slept today, only 3 hours. I drank 3 servings of coffee today. I set up the iSH Obsidian thing, I was kinda hyperactive. I used the laptop until morning. Then Chai and I went to Estancia to get my National ID but there was none there so I just got the digital copy online then we ate and had a good talk at Jollibee. I was really tired and sleepy when we got home but I still didn't wanna sleep because I'm afraid Chai will leave without telling me.

==23 - 23:43== I cleaned my closet and arranged my things and put everything inside one large box. I also have a new chair. I was so tired but I still had sex with Chai in the shower. Then we played Pokemon. I talked to Tam about the laptop but he said no.

==24 - 21:22== I helped my dad put the polein my closet, then I arranged my things on the corner of the room. Then me and Chai played Pokemon Unite. While cleaning Cheesecake's poop in the bathroom, I wounded myself on a shaving razor. It hurts. Chai treated the wound. 

==25 - 23:11== Chai and I played Pokemon Unite then I fixed my portfolio and applied to jobs online. Then I pleasured her. We were about to clean our room but I said I was tired. She said she wasn't in the mood anymore. I felt so bad because she snapped at me but I feel like I'm at fault. I cried while washing dishes. I just wanted to say I'm tired and didn't feel like doing anything. But we ended up still cleaning the room, bathing Cheesecake, and buying dinner. Then we watched *Sweet Home* episode 4. 

==26 - 22:40== Chai and I played Pokemon Unite for almost the entire day. I still applied to a bunch of other jobs. We went to Puregold to buy groceries. I finished taking photos of my journal 1 pages. I feel like dying, kinda. 

==27 - --== Chai and I played Pokemon Unite in the morning. I played Corpse Party (finished chapter 2). We took a bath. Then I cried myself to sleep while Chai has her back on me.

==28 - --== Chai and I played Pokemon Unite while eating breakfast. Then we immediately prepared to go to Ate Jen's pageant, we all took turns shitting in the bathroom. The event was really long and I almost lost my voice but it was fun—Ate Jen got first runner-up. I smelled like beef, though. Then we drank at Ate Jen's until morning. 

==29 - 21:44== We all woke up when everyone's getting ready. We ate breakfast and went with ate Jen to her solo photoshoot. I stayed outside and I felt useless. Anyway, we went back to their house, played *Roblox*, watched ***Until Dawn***, ate fried chicken, then went to sleep. 

==30 - 23:02== We all woke up talking and laughing. I had a blood stain on my ass because of my period. It was pretty uncomfortable. After eating breakfast, me and Chai went home. I posted art commissions notice on all my social media accounts—so far, I have no commission messages. A graphic design job position company reached out to me. Chai and I watched ***Butterfly Kisses*** (2018) then had a talk about our family.

==31 - 21:34== I didn't sleep. I listened to my playlist and posted on monoquin. I was gonna play chapter 4 of Corpse Party but I decided to just sleep because my back hurt. Chai and I played Pokemon separately in rank in the morning. Then she slept in the afternoon. I thought of loaning a laptop and going for a Work From Home job position. Mom talked to me about it. Chai and I watched ***10 Cloverfield Lane*** (2016). 

## June

==1 - --== I woke up early because Chai was hungry and there were tons of plates on the sink. I washed all of them as she played Pokemon and we ate breakfast (I also cooked rice). I applied to more jobs and tried the Home Credit loan if it works. Chelsea and I talked for 3 hours about everything before we cleaned the room. Chai did almost everything. She also bathed Cheesecake. Then, she washed all of our dirty clothes—by hand—while I go back and forth to the store to buy detergent. We finished around 1 AM, we also showered. I bathed her and she slept first because she was so tired. 

==2 - 22:26== Chai and I woke up early but we still managed to arrive (and got past our destination) by 2 PM—missing my interview. We just ate at Marugame and rode MoveIts back home. Then I had an interview by 7:30 PM for a Graphic Design position, which, I didn't quite pass. So, I applied to more WFH jobs. I feel sleepy but I can't sleep. I feel numb, actually.

==3 - 22:04== Chai and I woke up early to go to Eastwood for my interview. I got my interview but there were no available slots for non-voice, they'll just contact me, they said. I got my ATM card at Security Bank Kapasigan and activated it. Chai and I bought food at 7/11 and ate them (without me feeling nauseous). We drank a lot of Nestea Lemon juice today. I cried a lot, too, because I have memory problems. I had a talk with Chai on my iPhone notes, writing with the pen tool. I folded clothes while Chai tells me about how her ex cheated on her. I was supposed to take my assessment for a job application today but I decided to just study Excel first. 

==4 - 22:13== Chai and I went to Dali by foot and bought almost ₱200 worth of food. We played Pokemon Unite, too. We didn't get to watch a film because she kinda slept in the afternoon. I also reviewed Microsoft Excel. 

==5 - 21:49== I was going insane by midnight, I was having a mixed episode but I managed to fall asleep. Chai accompanied me to SM North for my Caldwell interview. I let her wait at the mall while I got interviewed for an hour, with my stomach grumbling the entire time. She got overwhelmed so she went home to her house at QC. I passed the screening, I made an account profile, and was advised to just take the assessment and final interview at home. Chai got her stuff at home then we went back to Ortigas (me catching her bus). We ate at Megamall at Pao-tsin (amidst a lot of confusion) then went back home to San Joaquin. We were both so tired but dad still ordered us to go buy dinner so we bought KFC while it's raining really hard—we were really drenched. The KFC order took so long. We showered first before eating dinner, then Chai fell asleep. 

==6 - 22:14== I didn't sleep again. I took my brother's laptop and I was supposed to have an interview but I rescheduled it because he'll use it later. Then Chai woke up really hungry so I had to buy food outside alone. We played Pokemon Unite. We slept in the afternoon. She told me she wants to go home and she's not comfortable here at our house. I cried, of course. 

==7 - 19:45== I almost went insane again last night. I didn't know what I was feeling. It's like I'm becoming undone and I can't control it. I managed to sleep because I drank some Quetiapine. Then I woke up to play Pokemon Unite with Chai and then we ate some egg sandwiches. I didn't shower today but she did. I told her I couldn't shower with her because I was feeling really depressed. I fingered her a little bit though before my sister came to the room. We watched ***The Black Phone*** (2021). Then I talked to my dad about Home Credit and possibly using my sister's laptop for work for 3 months. She didn't seem too elated about it. 

==8 - 22:18== Chai and I played Pokemon Unite and CODM (with Chelsea). Chai and I showered together, too, and we had sex. I started drawing my entry for the art contest due tomorrow. I cooked *adobo* today. 

==9 - --== I finished my art contest entry due today — it was an Evangelion-themed mixed media artwork. I did my FoundEver assessment today (after some trouble), as well my Ecommerce Account Analyst timed test, then the Appointment Setter voice recording — all on my sister's laptop. I didn't feel like doing anything afterwards but I transcribed my journal entries to Obsidian while Chai plays with her niece on Roblox. We went to Puregold by evening to buy fries and coffee. 