status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[job]] 

I woke up past 10 AM. Mom woke me up. I set an alarm but I was too sleepy so I continued sleeping after turning it off. I got up, didn't take a shower, prepared, then went to *Nicatto Health Dynamics* at Jollibee Center on San Miguel Avenue. I had to fill out some papers, waited, took vitals. Then we had to pee in a small white bottle for urinalysis. I wasn't really ready to pee and they said the bottle has to be filled to the neck. So I drank lots of water, maybe 4 cups, then waited. I even tried to daydream so that I can feel the pee coming to my bladder on command. But anyways, it took me almost an hour before I tried to fill some pee in the bottle. I had to take an X-Ray first. Luckily, I wasn't wearing any bra, just a tube. Some minutes later, I got called to Window 1, took Biometrics on Window 2, and I didn't get my blood extracted. I guess that wasn't part of the PEME package (Pre-Employment Medical Examination). I was worried I wouldn't be on time, so I just booked an Angkas ride real quick to Megamall *Concentrix*. It was worth ₱50 and it was quick. I got there, the other trainees were there. I went to the restroom to pee and put on my fake nose piercings. We didn't take a medical assessment at the clinic. We just went straight to the Training Room 3. But before that, we had to wait at the pantry since we're not allowed to stay at a room unsupervised. I bought a Rebisco Strawberry (I didn't get to finish it). We waited for more than 30 minutes before the session started. We talked about active reading & comprehension; some techniques and key aspects. They also showed us how to clock in on the *Workday* website. We took our break; I ate *tonkatsu* with chopsticks at the pantry. I brought cold coffee, drank it fast, then went back to the room. Then we talked about the email flow and format. Another guy discussed the powerpoint instead of Miss Fatima. It was really quick, I almost couldn't keep up with my notes, but I managed. He didn't ask too much questions. Then we talked about the *TicketMaster* account itself: the product, the milestones, and the metrics that matter. We took a 1-hour lunch break. Of course, Roxy, Dean, Ken, and I went out to smoke cigarettes. And Sarah was with us again, then Leona somehow got dragged. I told them about my mental disorder, then Dean talked to me about how one of their classmates had a mental breakdown in class—it was the scariest moment of her life, aside from smoking in front of her school. I bought a gulaman—Roxy and Ken both took a sip. We went back, crossed Megamall, back to *Concentrix*. I went to the 8th floor to get a locker form, it was quick, the lady at the desk was eating. I went to the training room, filled out the form, made Miss Fatima sign, then kept the document. Then, I went to the pantry. I saw Roxy, Ken, Ryan, Arjay, Anne, and Camille huddled together and they were engaged in a conversation. I bought a *Great Taste Caramel Macchiato* first before I listened in to their conversation. They were talking about Anne's lovelife and her toxic boyfriend. All of us agree she should break up with him. Then, Anne said she doesn't want to get with guys again after that. Our eyes met when she said that. I laughed nervously. Ken suddenly said the right one for her might be around, then he looked at Ryan. A new ship was formed. I was kind of disappointed about this but I just shrugged it off. Besides, Anne is 19 years old, that's too young for me. We went back to the training room. We copied our *Concentrix* email address and temporary password on the projector screen. Then, we opened the computers, logged in, opened our *Workday* accounts. Some of us couldn't access their accounts so it took a lot of time for them to set up their profiles. I asked JC for some gum since I saw him chewing. I forgot to thank him. Next thing we know, it's 10 PM already. We didn't need to return the locker form since they told us the process can be done online this time. So we headed to the elevator, had some laughs, and went on our way home. I was with Sarah again, as well as with Conrad (JC), Ryan, Roxy, and Shiena. We walked to EDSA Greenfield. I was talking to Ryan the whole time. He told me he was in San Joaquin applying for a job. I told him I might've come across him as a joke. Ryan is seriously cute and good-looking. If I were bisexual or straight, I'd like him. But sadly, I liked girls. And the girl I'm eyeing at the moment is being shipped with him. However, Ryan also seemed to be interested in me, at least platonically. Side note, Arjay told me I was a fashionista. And if I had tattoos, he would've thought I was a tattoo artist with the way I dress and express myself. Eds also mentioned I remind her of her friend with the way I dress, speak fluent English, and how I act. Anyways, we went to Greenfield in front of Chowking to ride a Pasig Palengke. It was quick. We rode a jeep immediately, then JC, Sarah, and I got off at Simbahan. There were a lot of people waiting on the plaza for jeepneys to San Joaquin or Taguig. I decided I'll just walk. I bid the both of them goodbye then walked home. There was a religious procession at Malinao. I was sweating by the time I got to Bambang Bridge so I took off my flannel, tied it on my waist, and just walked home. I wanted to buy some gum at Mercury but I was too lazy, plus I have to keep everything on a tight budget. I guess ₱500 is good for 3 days. That's probably still too much.