status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[job]] 

Yesterday, I woke up at 8 in the morning. I did nothing but talk to my younger sister and my mom. I forgot what I did, it was a bit blurry. But I do remember mentioning I was experiencing some sort of dissociation; like I can't believe I'm living my life right now; working (training), meeting new people, making friends, not having alone time anymore. It's like all this time I've only been running on autopilot. Anyway, I went to *Concentrix* at 12:30 PM and I arrived at 1 PM. I was given my employee ID at the front desk on 8th floor. Eds and Jay were already there at the pantry. One by one, they all came. I noticed Anne was also wearing black, like I was. Anyway, it was well past 2 PM when we got inside the training room. We discussed some stuff about organizing thoughts. I was asked to use the PREP method for the question "What's your favorite movie that you would recommend?" or something like that. I told Miss Faith my favorite film is ***It's Such a Beautiful Day*** by *Don Hertzfeldt*. I explained the reason, gave an example scene, then concluded. It was smooth, I answered smoothly. Anyway, the 30-minute break came, I didn't know what to eat so I just bought cold coffee again. We (Jay, Ryan, Roxy, Camille, and I) huddled around Anne again and talked about her toxic boyfriend. Break was over. We went back to the room. This time we had to finish all the course work on the given website for trainees. The trainers told us it's okay not to consume everything, and just skip the videos as much as we liked. So that's what we did. Knowing me, I was tempted to take my time through all of it since judging from what activities were given, it was possible it can be useful in the future. Like, thought was actually put into these presentations (and games) for us to learn about what it's like being in a customer service job. But we just breezed through it all. There was one time I opened the Paint 3D app since I was bored and drew a sleepy guy with a red necktie. I wrote the caption "i need 2 sleep" on the side. Later on, I saw Anne also using the app and I can tell she's an artist. I also saw Gil using the app later near the dismissal. Anyway, lunch break came. We (Roxy, Ken, Dean, Gil, and this time Eds, and I) went to the smoking area past St. Francis. We bought cigarettes from Gil, and smoked. I bought a red Sting energy drink. Future me would shake her head from all the junk I ingest in my body. Roxy would link her arms around mine during the walk there. Gil bought *kropeks* and we ate it while walking inside the mall. We went to the pantry then gathered around Anne once again. Ken, as usual, teased Anne about Ryan. It was really funny, he kept pushing for Anne to actually really like Ryan. But also, I felt bad for Anne since she's the butt of the jokes here. Sometime during that, I also realized the age and maturity difference I have with Anne—so this is just a work crush, as far as I can allow. Also, I haven't seen her face yet, which might be relevant. But yeah, I mentioned to them once (jokingly) that they were bullying Anne, but they just laughed it off. Before lunch break ended, we took a picture at the pantry since we were complete. I was standing beside Anne that time, I wasn't sitting on a chair. We went back to the room, continued the tasks, discussed a bit about event ticket terms, set up our GCash numbers on Workday, then the next thing we know, it's already 10 PM. We didn't have to go to the 8th floor to return a temporary badge since we already have our own ID. We rode the elevator down, and bid goodbye at the exit. I slightly lingered my stare and goodbye to Anne. Sarah didn't come with us this time. I was with Eds, Ken, JC, Shiena, Ryan, and Roxy. We parted ways around EDSA. We instantly rode a Pasig Palengke jeep. I put on my earphones during the ride and succumbed to my own world. JC and I got off at Simbahan, then rode a *B.Bayan* jeep. I fistbumped JC, then got off at San Joaquin, then went home.