status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[job]]

A lot happened today, and it's mostly about my work crush. I bought a large *McCoffee* before entering my office building. I waited at the pantry with the other trainees. We were talking about how I stalked all of their Facebook profiles. Then, Anne (my crush) said she'll add me on Facebook, even though I specifically mentioned I don't use my Facebook account. She didn't ask for the others' accounts (strike 1). We just continued the *CNXU* courses during the day. Then the 30-minute break came. We were walking down the hallway (me, Anne, and Camille), when Anne suddenly mentioned "I've had a girlfriend before," (strike 2). We were caught off guard but Camille picked up the conversation by admitting she's bisexual. Then the attenton turned to me, so they asked what I was. Camille said, "homo?" I said "yeah." Anne asked, "What's homo?" Camille replied, "just girls," I nodded. Then Anne suddenly said to me "Pwede tayo," (strike 3) I just awkwardly laughed it off. We went to the pantry. At first, I was with Eds' group. But I stood up and sat at the table where Anne was. We talked about random stuff. Nothing much happened during this time. The real juicy part was at the lunch break. I didn't do my usual lunch routine, which was go with Eds, Roxy, Ken, Gil, JC, and Dean to the usual spot where we smoke. I told them I'm gonna pass for now. They made pouty faces but I stood my ground. I went with Camille, Arjay, Ryan, and Anne again. We sat around the table and talked. We were just talking about which place do they like to live in better: rural or urban. Once it was just the two of us on the table, Anne suddenly looked out the floor window and said, "City lights are really romantic. The only thing missing is someone to hold hands with," while glancing at me (strike 4). I was on my phone that time, telling the GC I think my crush has a crush on me too. I just laughed it off. Anyways, we sat beside each other. Her foot would occasionally (or purposefully) bump into mine multiple times and I was hyperaware of it. Then the group got to talking about Instagram accounts; we followed one another's. Then Anne suddenly said, "I'll unarchive my posts so you can see them," while looking at me (strike 5). She added, "I archive my posts if no one hearts it." It was also brought to our attention tha Ryan has a girlfriend already. Then we talked about the planned drinking night out after payday. Anne told us she doesn't drink. I told her it's her decision to drink or not, just be there. She told me "Are you going to bring me home?" (strike 6). I asked her where she lived. She said Pasay. I quipped at her saying that's easy, I can bring her home. Anyways, we made our way back to the room. Before that, Ken gave me a cigarette, with the condition of me joining them the next time they smoke again. The strangest thing was brought to my attention; Dean's smoking group got caught and they were given tickets during lunch time. We talked about it in the room while gathered around in a circle. They told me I was so lucky I didn't go with them to smoke. Anne said, "It's because I'm your lucky charm," (strike 7). She said that twice (strike 8). Anyways, it was really peculiar that they were caught without me. They mentioned there were signs before they got caught; the lighter not working, the cigarettes getting wet. But we all laughed about it. I forgot what was the topic but the attention was put onto me. Then, Anne stopped what she was doing on the computer and told me "Tayo na lang kaya?" while touching my hand briefly (strike 9). We all snorted because it was so sudden. Then Roxy said, "Ayaw mo ba sa kanya?" I told her, "Nah, she's too young." Then she insisted, "No! It's okay, she's already 19!" Anne said, "I don't date girls." The conversation ended at that. Dismissal came, we all rode the elevator. I was fairly sure I won't be near Anne because I was at the back but some-fucking-how she stood infront of me. In the elevator, Lea suddenly opened her camera and tried to take a photo of all of us inside the elevator. We reached the ground floor, almost missed getting a photo, and inconveniencing the other employees (Eds even jumped up and down in the elevatory) but we all got out and we were all laughing. I just knew this batch is solid and we'll be really sad if we all get separated by the end of the training. We bid goodbyes as we parted ways, my eyes slightly lingering on Anne, of course. I immediately told the GC I have chika for them when I get home. Anyways, sometime during the walk to EDSA, Ryan approached me and asked for film or book recommendations for being fluent in English. I told him I'll just message him about it. Why he asked that out of the blue, I don't know, but if I were to trust my intuitions, Ryan seemed interested in me. But hey, that's just a feeling. As well as the feeling that Camille is also interested in me. Anyway, I got home, and immediately relayed the chika to the GC with Louise and CJ. I told them as detailed as I can. I even showed them the photo we had on the elevator and asked them to identify my crush. I told them my crush is very "*bebe gurl*" and CJ admitted she was also once like that but she already graduated. I also told them about how Aya on SINEGANG Discord server flirted with me a little bit, too, when I went to the tambay VC before going to work—right after I mentioned I wasn't straight. Anyways, after that, I told the story to my sister. And we were both laughing at how ridiculously obvious Anne was with all the flirting. Then my sister said, "*magtira ka naman ng puke para samin.*" and we just burst out laughing. My sister admitted (reluctantly and cringe-ly) that I am actually objectively cool, that's why I attract people. I almost couldn't write this entry because I'm too sleepy but I'm glad I did. I wonder what's going to happen tomorrow. I do enjoy the "romantic" attention I'm getting. I even thought about going on a movie date with CJ once I get my salary.