status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[job]]

A lot happened with my work crush again, but I'm not gonna enumerate everything. The most notable moment was when we were talking about the sleeping quarters in the building. She asked if we can share beds. Then she turned to me and said she wants to cuddle with me. They joked that if I ever sleep in the sleeping quarters, I'll just wake up with her hugging me in my sleep. The other thing was when I mentioned I work out. She asked if she can see my abs. Then she kept calling me "babe" for some reason. I was asked to take off my glasses, then she said I was pretty. Before dismissal we were having a discussion about payrolls. She sat beside me and leaned her head on my shoulder. Then on dismissal, we hugged. I told the GC about it. The topic of the thing between CJ and me came up because I told them I already knew girls like this; all talk and flirt but no action. CJ said, *"Wag mo na 'ko paringgan."* I told her it was not her (which was true) but I told her if the shoe fits then wear it. Then she brought up her 10% crush and told Louise she'll confess to her crush before she resigns. It was out of the blue but since we're at the topic of crushes then yeah, I'm just overthinking things. Anyways, I got kinda turned off by my work crush because of all the advances and flirting. I don't feel nervous around her anymore. I can clearly tell the difference between us and I have absolutely no plans to pursue her whatsoever. I mean, she's just a kid. I told Louise I have standards (even if I have a lot of small crushes). If I were to actually be serious about this, I would rather choose the other girl who's always with my work crush—she confessed she's bisexual. I see her looking at me sometimes. She even mentioned she kind of developed a crush on me too because I sing and play guitar (I showed them my Youtube channel). Anyways, Arjay confessed he had a crush on me during the first day. Then there's Ryan, who got kinda hurt when he found out I'm gay. But yeah, nothing much happened today work-wise. We just continued the *CNXU* and then did a final email assessment. I finished 30 minutes early. I mostly just did typing lessons on the computer I'm using the entire day, and talked to the others. I didn't get the highest score on the email assessment, but I did pass. The fact that I wasn't the highest bothered me. And the fact that I was bothered by that bothered me. Then it led me to think about the past week and how my life has been. I was too caught up with socializing and working—I felt drained and I just felt the weight just now as I got home. I was kind of in a dissociative phase the entire week because I still couldn't believe I have a job now. I wasn't really planning and making time for my hobbies and for working out. I just go to work, get back home too tired to do anything else, sleep for a long time, wake up, then go to work again. I also haven't been in my sharpest, most self-aware and in-the-moment attitude. Heck, I even broke my New Year's resolution of not smoking, just 8 days after January 1. I'm really not reflecting too much on my values and principles. I haven't been stopping to just breathe and appreciate the present. It's like I'm slowly losing what I've been holding onto, just because I had a change of pace. It's a proud moment that I have a job now, but it's not really worth it to be proud about my lifestyle and me losing my sense of self. I'm too caught up with the flow of my current life—there's so much more than this. I guess I've had my share of socializing, meeting new people, and flirting. Now's a good time to reassess my principles and review my goals for this year. 

Side note, I was drinking Coke Light on my walk home. When I got infront of the compound, I stopped walking for a few seconds to drink the last of my drink. The wind was present, I felt refreshed. ***I Wish You Were a Girl*** by *12 RODS* came to its climax and I closed my eyes. I was in the moment, the only time of the week I was actually able to.