tags: [[journal]] [[adulthood]] 

I'm already 22 but I haven't been to college and have only been employed once for a short while. I'm fully dependent on my parents for mostly everything but I try not to ask for anything because I already feel guilty enough. For context, I have school debt, that's why I can't get my senior high school diploma, and apply to any colleges. My dad basically has lost his job and my mom is having trouble paying my tuition off, on top of all our expenses. I also have a debilitating mental illness which prevents me from holding a job for long, that's why I had to leave my previous work. Now, I have things I want to do, for once in my life I have something to live for everyday. One of those is that I want to study Japanese and I'm planning on taking a JLPT exam on December to get a certificate needed for a well-paying Japanese translator job position. I am passionate about this cause and I'm working hard to attain my goal—well, WAS working hard. Because I couldn't take it anymore. Everyday I feel like shit because my mom's struggling and I'll continue to hate myself if I don't do something about it. So I'm trying to come to the decision to get another job to help my mom. And I don't know, I feel lost, I feel like a helpless kid. I know it's the most obvious, most practical adult choice to get a job—I'm already 22, for christ's sake—but I can't help but be deeply saddened by the fact that I'm letting go of a life I wanted to have. I'm in this weird transitional place in my life and I feel so alone. I don't have anyone to talk to about this because I basically don't have any friends anymore, too. I don't want to fall into a pit of depression right now because my mom needs me. I didn't know growing up should be this painful because I feel like it's not just about me getting another job to pay for the bills like an adult would eventually have to do, it's also about sacrificing the last few moments of my youth unwillingly. I don't even know if what I feel is valid or if I'm just being a pussy about it. I still have trouble accepting that I'm not a kid anymore—right now, all I can do is cry.