status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[job]]

It’s only been 11 days of working at the production, under Team Rhaffie, and I already want to resign so badly. I’ve actually been thinking about this for a long time. Ever since nesting period ended, perhaps. I was running late this afternoon going to work. I honestly couldn’t care less. All I can think about is just getting this over with. By 9 PM, there weren’t any tickets for us to solve. And even if there were, I just skip them or I actively avoid them. I don’t care about my performance or stats anymore—I just want out. I told my colleagues from training about this, they all didn’t want me to leave. I was contemplating the entire day. I even talked to Louise and CJ about it. I arrived with the decision of leaving promptly. I already have a plan in mind. I’ll be pulling out my mental health card for this one so my resignation can get immediately approved. By 11 PM, the short blonde-haired girl I was looking for, ever since I was with her in the elevator to the 11th floor, was stationed just across our bay area. She was carrying a large plushie with her. Our newbie, Maki, is probably with that team, so she knows the blonde. I wanted to ask Maki about her but I figured I’ll be leaving anyways, so there’s really no point. I’m not gonna stay just because of some girl. 

Anyways, there are many reasons why I’m leaving, and barely any reason why I should be staying. Obviously, I’ll be staying (if I’m staying) because of the money. I guess you can count socializing, too. I met a lot of great people there. However, the main reason I want to leave is time. I barely have time for myself or for anything anymore. I can’t even take care of myself properly ever since I started working. I have other plans in my life. And staying in this job is hindering those plans. I can’t study Japanese anymore. I can’t read books anymore. I can’t work out either. Not gonna lie, a part of me wants to keep working because I don’t think I’m ready to go back to my old life yet. But, I also don’t want to stay at my current job either. I don’t know, I just don’t feel like continuing. The job is not even that fucking difficult. In fact, it’s too easy. Too easy that it becomes mundane. I realized I don’t like mundane shit. My salary came today—it’s around 8,000 pesos. I think that’ll suffice for the next 2 to 3 months of staying at home and studying. I already notified Louise the meetup on March might not happen. She told me it’s okay. I also already told my mom I’m planning to resign. She laughed and said okay, too. It’s ridiculous because it feels like I’m still asking for permission from everyone around me before I resign. Shouldn’t I just be doing whatever the fuck I want? Earlier I was looking around me at the office and thinking, ‘*Is it worth staying here for longer?*’ I tried to come up with feelings of attachment with my coworkers. A part of me appreciates our shared connection, but a part of me was also aware I’m still different. Not to be a snowflake or anything, but I don’t think most of us are in the same wavelength. I’m still going to work tomorrow, I have no other choice. But I’m going to make my resignation letter right now, after this, so I can send it to my Team Leader tomorrow. This decision is final. I really don’t want to keep working. Regarding the meetups with other people, I’ll limit this to just 1,000 pesos. The rest I’ll be saving up for future necessities. I should start saying my goodbyes now. And then start welcoming myself back to my usual routine. January and February were like a long dream. I accomplished one of my New Year’s goals—that’s over and done with. I’d like to go back to my life, please.