status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[job]]

I woke up at 3 PM. I'm not going to work today. I sent my TL my resignation letter, as well as a notice that I won't be going to work for today. I felt guilty telling my parents I'm resigning—I even made sure they're not mad at me for this decision. They told me it's okay. I also talked and apologized to Sarah for leaving so abruptly. I told her my situation and she told me she respects my decision. Now I just feel guilty and I kind of hate myself for coming to this decision. Just last night I was overly defiant about my resignation, saying I don't need anyone's approval and I'll do whatever the fuck I want. But right now, I don't know, I feel sad and empty? I felt a huge wave of relief since I'm not going to work anymore, but guilty because I don't think I looked "bipolar" enough in front of others to justify my decision. I feel like crying, I'm not sure why. This is a decision I've always wanted to make, ever since training period ended. I got a taste of hard-earned money twice. I'll be saving up what's left of my money for the next few months of staying cooped up in my room again. I missed studying Japanese and being in my own little world. It will probably take time to readjust back to my old life—perhaps starting next week. I honestly don't feel like doing anything right now. Maybe I just need to clean my room and organize my space tomorrow so I can start working by Sunday. It's sunny outside right now but with large grey rain clouds looming over, as if any minute now heavy rain will pour. It's weirdly reminiscent of my mood right now. Another chapter is coming to a close. This is enough.

I fell asleep and woke up some few hours later to our TL messaging the GC, mentioning me and saying "Go to work and explain yourself here." He also replied to my message saying it's an unauthorized absence. He even talked about me and my decision to leave with my colleagues, saying my situation will become AWOL and I will be banned from the company. First of all, I already submitted a resignation letter, requesting immediate effectivity. Regardless if it's a digital or printed copy, if I handed it over in person or not, there's no policy that I have to show up in front of him just to explain my side, when it could be explained through messaging. As far as I know, if I did show up, I know for a fact he'll just embarrass me in front of everyone. I can't fucking handle that right now. And in line with the attendance policy, I informed him more than an hour before my shift that I'll be absent—reason referring to my resignation letter. I also read that it'll only become AWOL if I was No Call No Show for 3 consecutive days, without any valid reason. It'll only become an unauthorized absence if I didn't inform him that I'll be absent for the day. Anyways, he's making things harder for the both of us. If he continues his antics, I'll be forced to actually go AWOL. Or I could file a complaint regarding his unwillingness to comply with an employee's request for immediate effectivity. I don't think he even read my resignation letter. Or even if he did, I don't think he's willing to understand the situation. Do I have to attempt to kill myself before he considers my resignation and my absence? It's so stupid that I already feel like breaking down just because of this. 

I've been drifting in and out of sleep. I think my situation triggered my depression fully. I don't feel like doing anything. I'm in a "fuck everything" type of mood and I'm not afraid of the consequences. Or maybe I'm just starting to get used to my old life once more, that's why I feel rather empty. I don't know.