status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[suicide]] 

I am completely out of it. Yesterday, I went to Escolta St., Binondo, Manila with IC and Syra. It's a spontaneous thing. But first, I did some shopping at the National Bookstore at Megamall and stayed at a coffee shop. I drank an iced Americano and paired it with a blueberry cheesecake. I rewrote my Japanese notes, and for a moment, I felt peace. But anyway, I met up with them and we went to Binondo. We rode an MRT to Taft, then an LRT to Carriedo. We walked and went to ***HUB: Make Lab*** where a bunch of Filipino creatives get together and sell some merchandise of their own. You can tell aesthetic young adults go there (I'm proud to say I'm one of them). We only bought some stickers and pins (that's the only thing I can afford) then we went on and drank coffee at the coffee shop. I had an iced Caramel Latté. We talked for a while before going to Ongpin St. where it looks like fucking China town. I didn't lke it one bit. I was sweating all over and there were a lot of people. I almost felt overwhelmed. Luckily, we didn't stay for long. We went back to Shaw—rode an LRT and an MRT. They still didn't want to go home so we stayed at the food truck-surrounded place at Greenfield where we sat next to the fucking speakers blasting 2010's music while we used our phones and posted photos of us during the day. We drank some juice while doing so. Not long after, around 8 PM, we went our ways. I arrived home and I felt so empty. I had fun but I still wanted to kill myself. A litle while later, it intensified, and all I could think about is overdosing with my meds. I really wanted to do it so I cried. IC talked to me on Instagram. I talked to Lou on the phone until I calmed down. We talked about random stuff, about myself, about her—it really helped. I told her I knew if I stopped talking to her now, I'll go back to thinking of suicide. She told me I should go to sleep, since I haven't slept since the day before. I really wanted a burger that time and I plan on not sleeping again, but as soon as my head hit the pillow, I immediately clocked out. I woke up the next day in the afternoon, feeling so empty. I ate my favorite, *Mi Goreng*, and slept again. Now I'm here. I still feel like dying, but I want to study Japanese now. I guess that's better than killing myself, for now.