status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[job]] [[dream]]

I've been so busy with work and sleeping that I haven't really got the time to journal anymore—more so enjoy my hobbies. My last journal entry was 7 days ago, a full week. A lot has happened—well, not really. We just did discussions on PST as usual. One notable thing was that I don't have a crush on Anne anymore. My attention completely shifted to Camille. Let me tell you all about it. Camille mentioned she's bisexual. She's single, a tourism student, tall, pretty. I don't want to make CJ a standard but Camille is not as pretty as CJ, in my opinion, but that doesn't matter. Camille told me she has a crush on me, especially when she found out I sing and play the guitar, and that I have a Youtube channel. But that's not really a big thing, considering she also mentioned that she develops crushes easily. But anyway, our dynamic is very very subtle. Lingering looks and smiles, small touches, inside jokes, focused attentions, walking beside each other on the hallways. Everytime we talk, she always mentions how she easily falls for people who are guitarists. Our work lockers are just beside each other. Yesterday, we went to work with matching green flannels—her wearing a white top inside, and me wearing a black shirt inside. We didn't talk much about it, but it was obvious we wanted us to match. We also took selfies together, but she never sent it to the GC, for some reason. Unlike my experience with Anne, who flirts with me every chance she gets, my interactions with Camille are very lowkey. But I can't deny, I can feel butterflies in my stomach when I look at her or talk to her—which I never experienced with Anne. I talked to my sister about this just last night at midnight; we bought some snacks, walked, and stayed at the Linear park. I told her all about Camille, Anne, and also CJ. She listened and kind of supported my crush on Camille. She told me that if I felt like this thing with CJ won't ever happen again, then I already know what I'm supposed to do—move on. Which brings me to my dream just earlier. I dreamt of CJ, and how she's completely hung up on me and how we're still together. We were very physical and cuddly. There was one point in my dream where we had a misunderstanding and she doesn't talk to me even when we're together. I send her messages, saying I'm sorry and how I'll wait for her to be comfortable with opening up to me about what's wrong—I even told her I love her. In my dream, my family knew we're together. Then, she spoke to me on a letter. It was very jumbled, her thought was everywhere, and she sounded a bit drunk and out of it, but she made her point across. She was bothered because the guys who had a crush on my previous crushes has a crush on her. She's tired of always being the center of attention. She talked about a lot of unrelated things, she event sent a naked video of herself, too, but eventually at the end of the letter, she told me she likes me too much and how she loves me too. That's all I can remember from my dream. Weirdly, her face is completely different in my dream. She's a different person, entirely unfamiliar. But somehow I knew it was CJ. I'm not sure what it all means, but maybe a part of me is still holding on to the possibility that there's still something there. 

Regarding my work, we mostly did discussions, and me taking down notes. I realized I find it hard to follow through with our trainer because he explains in Tagalog-English. When the other trainer teaches in complete English, I understand him better. For two days, Thursday and Friday, we went to the actual production to observe and ask our assigned agents some questions. It's a good thing I was with a kind and talkative agent with Eds. I was never stationed to any other agent, like what happened to the other trainees. I was there fom start to finish. I feel like our job is incredibly easy. As I was watching, I couldn't help but want to work there immediately. I made a CET and PST reviewer for the other trainees and for myself. I didn't sleep on Friday and worked on it. I had second thoughts about sharing it since there might be a breach in the contract about disclosing confidential information but from what I've checked, there isn't any (hopefully). I'm annoyed by the fact that I sleep a lot, even on weekends. I barely have time to do things I like anymore. Today, I won't sleep. I just want to do the things I like.