status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[melancholy]] 

I'll blame the skipping of antidepressants for my mood lately. I feel so heavy. Usually I wouldn't have any reasons to be sad about but my mind automatically turns everything sour. I don't know, I feel like I do have friends and people around me, and yet there's still something missing. I do the things I love and I enjoy them, but my heart feels hollow still. I just think about work—thinking about how it's going to be in the long run—and then I think, '*There must be something more to life than this.'* I yearn for something more. Something bigger than life and myself. I don't know what it is. There are days that I forget that feeling, which is most of the time. I go about my days functioning as an adult, a real living person. But there are days like today, when that's all my mind wanders to. I'm not going to dwell on how this might just be a depressive episode and it's my bipolar speaking, but I'm also not going to rule it out as lies—there might be some hints of truth among these thoughts. I think about my ex, too, and how she's still so goddamn pretty, and how I'll never like her the same as before, and how things won't ever be the same. Maybe that's a good thing. And yet I still feel incredibly sad about it, like I've lost something I never had. I tend to forget about this, too, but sometimes they appear in my dreams, then I wake up with a profound sense of melancholy. Right now, it's only an hour before I get ready for work. I didn't even review my notes even though we have an assessment later. I'm drinking the cold original *Nescafé* twin-pack coffee, which reminds me of all those times during senior high school at APEC when I wake up extra early to do things I like—listening to music, drawing, journaling, painting—before I go to school at 1:10 PM. I have felt sadness then, as well. Am I just reminiscing those moments? Is it just nostalgia? I remember *Ron Gavin*'s slowcore album and his Instagram posts detailing moments in his life where he felt something—and it made me feel things, too. I do miss posting on Instagram. But I'll never go back to where I came from. I won't allow myself. What's done has been done, there's no turning back.