status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[limerence]]

I feel sad, like incredibly sad. I even made a playlist about this—I'm listening to it as I write this down. I just don't feel the same way anymore towards my ex-girlfriend. My limerent object, the one that got away, my dream woman. Even if it turns out she does still have feelings for me. Even if our meetups mean something to her. To me, I just see her as a friend now. I don't think I want to be with her again. It's a very weird feeling. I should be happy I'm over her, right? But I'm not happy, not in the slightest. I don't know. To think a year ago, I would've been over the moon with all these time I spent with her alone. These are stuff from my DREAMS, both waking and sleeping, every single day. You know how I've wished for this to happen for a long time. But when I'm in that moment, I feel so detached. I don't expect I'll ever feel this way. Like she's nothing to me. Like I wasn't crazy about her. Because that's how I feel right now. I don't know, I just feel sad I don't feel the same anymore. I would feel even more sad if she has feelings for me. I saw her make a new playlist, titled "i will like you anyway." The caption read: "i know we're doomed but let me like you anyway cause i'd rather have some of you than none" and I could say it's about her work crush, but a part of me thinks otherwise. There are some songs in there that's been significant to both of us, but I'm not gonna get ahead of myself. And even if it is about me, I feel nothing. Believe me when I said I've always dreamt about this in my sleep, her making a playlist that's "maybe" about me. But now that it's "maybe" happening, I feel nothing. I feel so sad. I'll probably make some kind of art about this because I need to let this out somehow. Making a playlist doesn't suffice.