status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[job]] [[relationship]] 

Hey. It's been a while. A lot has happened. Let me tell you all that I can remember. 

On Friday, there were issues with my colleagues. The first one was with Ken, Roxy, and Ella. Basically, Ken was telling everyone he's single. But then, someone messaged Ella on Messenger, telling her they should leave Ken alone because if not, she'll tell Ella's boyfriend there's something going on between Ella and Ken. Roxy and Ella both blocked Ken's account on Messenger because they felt betrayed. They thought Ken didn't have a girlfriend, but I kind of remembered he told us he had one so there's been a lie somewhere. Roxy and Ella both left the GC, so I talked to all of them, especially Ken, to try and fix this. Ken told me he didn't really have a girlfriend. They broke up a long time ago. But his grandmother likes the girl for her, so he has no choice but to stay, just for his grandma's sake. Technically, he's single. I told Roxy and Ella about this but they still couldn't disregard the fact that the girl was threatening Ella's relationship with her boyfriend. Roxy and Ella told me they're turned off by Ken, but they'll forgive him if he just owned up to his mistakes and tell his girlfriend off for what she did. 

Then there was this issue with Anne. She barely talked to me and Camille all day. It was because we were always leaving her alone unintentionally. I apologized to Anne, and I told her I had a crush on her during the first day of training, but now I liked Camille. I told her not to tell Camille that, but Camille heard me say that to Anne. But we were okay when we clocked out of work. Me, Roxy, and Dean sang at the videoke room at the office's 11th floor, around 2 to 3 AM. Then we smoked at *Jollikod* while I ate burgers and Roxy showed us videos of her fooling around with guys. Anyways, Camille left the GC on Viber. I talked to her about it. We both confessed we liked each other, but she also confessed she was lying. Remember the girl she told us about, the one who always waits for her after work? The one she told us she's just a friend? Well, she's currently in a 6-year toxic relationship with her. That girl was hurting her physically, and they're both not okay, but Camille couldn't get out of that relationship. So she liked me, flirted with me at the office, but she's actually in a relationship. So that sucked. I'm clearly heartbroken. I immediately told Louise and CJ about it. Then I told CJ we should just rent a room on Saturday so we can get wasted as we'd like. Anyways, I really feel bad about it. Camille could've told me she has a girlfriend. She shouldn't've gave me signs that she liked me too. I mean, she did like me back, but still, it was wrong for her to lie then flirt like that. I'm really disappointed. But anyway, I told Camille I'm outside of her situation, even though I'm concerned the girl was hurting her and I do understand, but it's none of my business, and I should just move on. 

Regarding my work, it's been going well. I'm always in the lead. Though I feel like I still don't know anything and one of these days, I'll be called out for some rookie mistakes. I did make mistakes, I'm aware of that, but I tried to clear it up. One of *Ticketmaster*'s clients/executives came to the nesting area and did SBS with me. It was a British woman, and she's really friendly. I wasn't nervous at all, but I did find myself having trouble dealing with the tickets. They were all festival tickets at the start. The other agents were flocking around me, telling me what to do, I even found myself second-guessing them, but in the end, I solved 3 tickets. The entire day I solved 10 tickets in all. And still I feel like I'm doing terribly. I get praises all the time, saying I'll be an SME or TL soon, but I can't seem to believe them and accept that I'm doing well. I feel incompetent and inadequate, I still need to do better. So yeah, I'll spend my night and my next morning reviewing everything. 

I'm still disappointed about the talk with Camille earlier. I wouldn't really know how to act around her but of course, I'll make sure to keep my distance since she's in a relationship with a girl who's jealous of me, a girl she actually loves. I did have hopes she'll be my girlfriend one of these days, I even dreamt about it in my sleep just earlier, I even told Roxy and my sister, but well, I celebrated too early. I'll just focus on myself for now. I was also having doubts about being in a relationship with her anyway. I was thinking I wouldn't really click with her for real, we're too damn different, like she's not really my type and I'm not head over heels for her. I was thinking this is just an office crush, a short-term flirting session, then we'll go our separate ways.