tags: [[journal]] [[sexual abuse]] [[anger]] 

i don't even know where to start. the more i try to allow myself to feel anger and hurt and resentment, the more my heart forces to close itself. i want so desperately to cry, i could any minute now, but somehow i still can't. it's like the wound opening is severely bloated, the blood seeping through it just in small drops, as if it's about to burst. i could stop it from overflowing and exploding, forget about it for the next few years again, only think and mention it in passing—as if a stranger to myself, as if i wasn't the person who experienced the trauma—like i did for all my life. but when was that ever healthy? it has cost me the ability to express proper anger, the ability to resent those who've done all these things to me, the ability to say no to other people, the ability to defend myself from being manipulated and taken advantage of, the ability to speak out when things are wrong, the ability to hurt properly when it is supposed to hurt, the ability to stay in touch with who i really am, the ability to FEEL things. i've been alone my whole life with the heaviness of these trauma. i had no one. i have been absolutely alone. and now, if i even attempt to confront it, i don't know what to do. i was raped when i was 7 by a 20-something-year-old neighbor and no one knew. i was continuously molested when i was 12 by my 50-year-old uncle and my family pretended it never happened—they still talk to my uncle and my uncle still talks to me—and now i'm starting to think my aunt and my parents are so nice to me; pampered me, gave me everything i ever wanted, just so i can forget i was defiled, just so the family won't be ruined. it ruined my life in ways i didn't even realize, in ways i ignored and never accepted. i couldn't even say with my whole heart how i hated myself for it, how disgusted i feel about myself because of it, because i felt nothing. i pretended it didn't exist, like they were just bad dreams, because no one ever told me they were real. earlier i was filled with so much subdued anger that i can't properly express, that i can't properly voice out, but now i'm just so exhausted. i guess i've calmed down a bit now. i know for sure i will hold onto these terrible terrible feelings for a while, because i choose to, because it's the only way to process it, because it is the only way to move around and past it. it's going to suck so bad, like really really bad—i would expect the pain to be so unbearable i would want to give up and kill myself—but i know this time i am not alone in this. i don't need to be afraid. healing from childhood sexual abuse will be difficult, but it's not impossible.