status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I couldn't sleep past midnight but eventually I did. When I woke up, I prepared to go to the interview. I burned the collar of my blue silk shirt but I still wore it. I went to buy load for my phone but the stores didn't have some yet. I bought snacks at Mercury to get change for my 1000-peso bill. I took a jeep to Crossing. I got off at Parklea. Thankfully there's a 7/11 there so I got load. I went to the MRT station, bought a ticket, got off at North Avenue. I didn't know where I was going but I went to a footbridge and saw a bus lane. I asked there how can I get to Muñoz and they told me to take a Carousel, so I did. It was quick, the fare was 15 pesos, I was just standing. I got off somewhere at Muñoz. Again, I didn't know where I was going, so I whipped out my Google Maps and just followed the directions to the Lemon Square Building. I found it fairly easily, it was just a walking distance away from the footbridge where I was. I passed by the building, trying to find somewhere I can eat, but I couldn't find any so I said fuck it, and went inside. It was at the third floor of the building. There were a lot of applicants. I entered a room, gave my résumé and ID, then waited. I met a woman who's also an applicant. She was friendly. We both got transferred to another room, where there were like more than 20 applicants. I talked to the woman I met earlier briefly, saying she's nervous and it's not her first time—she worked previously as a software engineer at *Accenture*. Eventually, the initial screening started. We had to wait since we're part of the last five but it came by like a breeze. Ria, the interviewer, just asked me to tell me about myself, asked a few questions about where do I prefer working, my expected salary. I wasn't asked any additional questions. Moments later, we passed the initial screening and we were referred to positions to companies—I got referred two: *Transcom* Pasig and *Foundever* Ortigas Mandaluyong. My name got called to take an assessment. First, I made an *Aveture* account for *Transcom*. Then I made a profile for *Harver* and took an assessment for *Foundever*. It consisted of Speaking Test, Analytical Thinking Test (call center situations and choosing the right response), Typing Test, and Personality Test. I was there for almost an hour maybe and I got really hungry during it. Eventually I finished and I was told I can go home and just wait for an email. I took a Carousel to SM North and I met a guy who was at the recruitment hub earlier. We talked about how he skipped a few questions in the assessment and how he's from Cubao. Our talk got cut short since I didn't really have much to say and I got off briefly after that. I went to Trinoma to find somewhere to eat. I ate at a Pizza Hut alone, it kind of felt weird eating alone like this. The staff gave me a menu, I ordered a *Melts* Meal with a softdrink, which costs 249 pesos. I ate calmly and quietly, silently blaming myself for not bringing any toothpick. I wanted to send a photo to the *kulto ni louise* GC how it feels sad to eat alone but the data was slow. I paid for the meal then went on my way. The ticket office at the Trinoma entrance where I came from wasn't selling tickets to Shaw, there was a sign that said it's on the next bound, just take the footbridge. I didn't know where that was so I just followed people to where that may be, but I got there. I bought a ticket to Shaw, rode the MRT, I was at the front of a train car, standing. I got off at Shaw Station, went down the stairs somewhere but luckily it's at the front of Greenfield where jeepneys were waiting for passengers. There aren't any that travels to San Joaquin so I just rode a Pasig Palengke, and got off at Kapasigan. I walked and got in a jeep to San Joaquin. I saw my mom messaged me asking to buy *turon*, so I did. I was sweating when I got home. I told my mom what happened. She told me to get into *Foundever* because she heard it was good. I was too tired to do anything else so instead of studying Japanese, I just fell asleep until 11 PM. I have a lot to do tomorrow, another interview at Quezon City. The whole time I felt weird, like it's not me who's doing all the moving and talking. Somehow, I felt disconnected from my body, and I was just moving through the motions. I was aware of my actions and words, but I was also aware that I didn't feel real. When I got home, I thought to myself '*This is almost what it feels like to have a job and do things like an adult*.' I still feel like something was missing. I'm guessing it's my limerence. It was not there anymore. I tried to call it but it wasn't answering. I miss the feeling of it, even though I know it was terrible.