status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I haven't slept yet since yesterday. I stayed up to finish ***Beyond Good and Evil*** by *Nietzsche*. I drank a gallon of strong cofffee. I had a date with CJ today. She invited me to go to a thrift shop in Cubao yesterday. Coincidentally, March 2 was the day she broke up with me. I don't know if she knew that or it's just purely coincidence (again). Well, I wore my best outfit that I wanted to try for the first time, which showcases my feminine side. I was feeling really shitty and dizzy before meeting up with her. I badly needed a cigarette. But eventually, when we met, it subsided. She treated me to lunch. We talked about random stuff. She barely mentions her infatuation with her work crush. She let me sleep for a few minutes before going to the thrift shop. The thrift shop was massive, hot and humid. I was sweating. I helped CJ with the clothes she picked. We went to the 2nd floor, and there were price tags on everything compared to the 1st floor. She didn't buy much but she was already tired searching for clothes. We just bought ice cream on the way out. Then she randomly decided we go to Escolta at the *HUB Make Lab*. At Taft, we used the restroom to take photos—***The One That Got Away*** by *Katy Perry* was playing. There, she bought pins. She ended up going with the "*Green Flag ng Bayan*" pin which is in contrast with my *"Red Flag ng Bayan*" pin. She took photos of the labels "*Mahal Kita Hayop Ka*" which I find interesting but I never said a word about it. She also bought matching necklaces for us. The Den coffee shop didn't have any vacant seats so we searched for a coffee shop nearby. It took us a while. We walked a lot. I can tell she was getting tired. We took pictures along the way and she was really disappointed that I can't capture "instagrammable" photos of her. Honestly, I'm not in the best state to care about that. She kind of fell silent, up until we ordered at the Sun Café, and drank our beverages. It was awkward. She really wasn't in the mood for any type of talk, especially from me. I didn't speak either. We went to the Jones Bridge, where we took photos again—at least her of me. There was a heavy silence as we watched the river while on the bridge. I felt like smoking. She asked me if I'll smoke, I said yes, she went somewhere far to avoid the smoke coming from me. I smoked 2 cigarettes. It's strange. While looking at the river and smoking, I was thinking about just how much of a major turn off CJ was being right now. I don't know what was up with her and I don't really want to ask, since I don't think we're at that level of comfortability yet. I felt like it was my fault, though. Realizing this, maybe it's a good sign that she's showing actual emotions in front of me for the first time; annoyance and disappointment, no matter how unpleasant they are. The walk back was also silent, too. We barely spoke a word. She barely smiled. I didn't carry her plastic bag this time. Even the LRT and MRT rides were silent. I carried her plastic bag this time though. We talked a little bit, asked her about the Beep card. Then I had to go. I thanked her, told her I'll make it up to her next time (since she literally paid for everything), and bid her a 'take care.' I was contemplating on holding her hand sincerely just to show my appreciation but I decided against it. The commute home was a bit depressing. I felt like smoking again, so I bought another 2 cigarettes. When I got to San Joaquin, I didn't want to go home yet. I smoked the remaining cigarettes on the bridge again, while also taking videos of myself doing so. I felt so empty. I don't know where to go, but I ended up at 7/11. I saw some fireworks on the way. I walked around 7/11 for quite some time, not knowing what to buy. I just didn't want to go home. But I ended up buying a 9% alcohol Lemon-Dou and a new glue. I got home reluctantly, posted images and videos of me, as well as with CJ's. I thrive on the attention from my mutuals. I just really wanted to feel something. And I didn't get that with my date with CJ. It just further proves I only see her as a friend now. I do not want to be with her again, no matter how thrilling it may seem. I didn't feel anything towards her. I didn't feel complete or whole. I can't even say I actually had fun. But I don't regret going out. It's that or I stay holed up in my room being depressed as shit—I'd rather go outside. Right now, all I can think about is ruining my life. I refuse to take my meds again, I refuse to sleep, I'll drink alcohol and smoke. I just want to wallow in self-pity. I feel so incredibly shitty, and I'm only making it worse.