status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I wasn't supposed to sleep, but I did—I'm glad I did though. I can't risk being sleep-deprived in another interview. So yeah, I woke up at almost 7 AM because I didn't set an alarm (I forgot to). I prepared my clothes, showered, stuffed my bag, grabbed my résumés, and went out. I forgot to bring toothpicks and brush my teeth, but I only realized this when I was walking towards the jeepney loading and unloading. I got to Shaw, took an MRT to SM North, whipped out my Google Maps and tried to find where West Insula Building was. I almost got lost, but I realized I just had to cross the footbridge twice to get to the other side, then walk straight ahead. Cross another footbridge, then there it was; the West Insula Building. I got in, almost took the stairs because I didn't notice the elevator, the office was at the 6th floor Room 602. I got there with some other applicants, gave my résumé and ID, and waited to get called. There was a movie playing on the television screen, it was with the actor who acted ***Forrest Gump***, I forgot his name. Some kid got inside the room so I smiled at her. Later, our names got called, so we waited in the next room. There was already an interview going on with 6 or 7 people. One question asked was *How would you explain color to a blind person?*. It was a tricky question but regardless of your answer, they're only checking if you can explain well in English. Later on, it was our turn to get interviewed. It was quick, I was the last again. I got asked, "Why do you think BPO is the best job for you?" and I answered, "I don't necessarily think BPO is the best job for me. However, I do believe my abilities, such as communication skills and English-speaking skills suit this job since I am confident that I'm fairly fluent in the language."—something like that. We waited a bit more, got called again a bit later on. The interviewer processed me first, saying the names of the previous companies I applied to. I told her I already applied to them and then she asked what other companies I applied for so she wouldn't be bothered (in a joking manner), I said only two. Then she asked which account was I willing to choose from her options, I told her *Telco*—she was shocked. She said Telco's really hard, a lot of customers are frustrated and angry. She even said you may mute yourself and say "putangina mo rin!" back to the customer. I told her "Telco na lang, para exciting." She also said I can take a "shuttle" which was a service van, to the venue where I can take the final interview. I got caught off guard, I didn't think I was ready. I asked her "Now?", she said, "Ikaw bahala, malaki ka na!" In the end, I didn't go through with it. After that, I got up, went to the previous room, to take my *Teleperformance* assessment. It was kind of the same with the *Foundever* assessment. There was a Spoken English test, Typing test, Grammar test, Logic, Personality test. I did the Spoken English test where I had to repeat what was being said (thankfully I remembered the lines) right where the other applicants were waiting and could hear me speak in English. I just put that thought at the back of my mind and stopped myself from stuttering or being embarrassed—I'm just way past that now. I finished the assessment, I enjoyed it. They told me I could just wait for a call or an email, telling me the results or the final interview (if I passed). I thanked them, went out, almost took the wrong elevator, but I got out of the building. I went to 7/11 to buy onigiri and coffee. I went to Jollibee next door but I wasn't feeling hungry so I just didn't eat there. I ate the onigiri on my way to the North Avenue station (some of it fell). I took the MRT to Shaw. Then I got a bit lost. I ended up at the front of Megamall. I tried to book an Angkas rider, but the pickup point I put on the app was somewhere at the other side of the mall, so the rider just told me to cancel it. While trying to book another, a lady approached me asking if I wanted a call center job at *Concentrix* nearby. I told her I'm about to go home, but I'm available tomorrow. She gave me her number and I gave her my number. Then, I called my mom, asking how to get home. She told me to go to the other end of the mall, past the Department Store, to ride an FX to Pasig Palengke. So I did. Before getting inside the FX, I hit my head on the car ceiling, and I said, "Sorry." particularly to no one. I got off at Kapasigan, then rode a jeep to San Joaquin. While walking back home, I came across a pretty lady (or at least her backside and hair) and hoped she saw me, too. I stopped at a nearby store to buy gulaman. I got home, talked about what happened with my day to my parents. I told them how I answered the questions and my mom was amazed, for some reason. Anyway, I studied Japanese, reviewed *Tobira* chapter 1, while drinking stale coffee (I threw it away later). I went out with my younger sister to buy dinner at ***Chook's To Go***, which we didn't believe mom when she said there was one past Minute Burger. We went back home, I listened to some more OPM. Then came 7 PM, I worked out, did arms and core calisthenics, to make up for the days I missed. I had this thought that I didn't really have to gain defined muscles, I just have to be consistent and see where that'll take me. Afterwards, I took a shower, listened to an album while doing a brief analytical reading, then I'm here.