status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Today, I woke up at almost 11 AM because I heard my family talking at the living room. My younger sister and I are going to meet my older sister at MOA. We prepared early, waited until 1 PM, before going out. Our dad gave us ₱1000. We went to *Mercury* to buy food and drinks for the ride—*Lipton Tea* and coffee bread with cinnamon and nuts. We rode a jeep to Crossing, got off at Shaw, rode the MRT to Ortigas, then rode a Carousel directly to MOA. It was quick and easy. We met with our older sister. We ate at an authentic Japanese cuisine restaurant called ***Botejyu***. I ordered ramen and some *Osaka* honey-ginger drink. We talked about our plans for school and college then talked about our dating life. Ate Jana told us about what happened with her 7-year relationship and how it ended. She also talked about her dates with other guys and how she's currently talking to 3. I talked about my relationship with CJ and how I realized we were different when I met her. Although ate Jana said CJ was cute and she approves. Now even her supports us. We, then, went to *Coffee Bean* for coffee and dessert. I ordered a *Café Latté*. Ate Jana also ordered a blueberry cheesecake which I was the one who ate most of it. We just took pictures, talk about random stuff, and at 6 PM, ate Jana led us to the jeep terminal, then said goodbye. My younger sister and I rode a jeep to Malibay MRT-LRT. We got off somewhere at Taft. We almost got lost and went to the LRT station but I asked a guy and told us the way. So, we rode an MRT from Taft to Shaw. I was standing the whole time. There was this moment in transit to Boni where I saw city light while the song playing in my earphones is ***Sun*** by *Yuutsu.* We got off at Shaw, almost got lost again, but we managed to find the jeep terminal for Pasig. There are no San Joaquin jeepneys so we just rode a Palengke one, got off at Kapasigan, then rode another jeep to San Joaquin. I messaged the GC and told them it was easy going to MOA. Louise said she'll be there on Monday with her SO. This day was really fun. Now it's just a matter of time before I start my training for work on Monday. I'm really excited about it. In fact, so excited I don't know if I can function tomorrow.