status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

A lot happened since my last journal entry. I'll try to be as detailed as possible. 

February 1st to 3rd, Sarah and I got endorsed to our new team and team leader. Our TL talked to the two of us, gave us brief information about what to do on the production. He gave us time to settle before working for the day. Sarah and I were still situated on Wave 50's Extended Nesting area with our friends and the friendly SMEs (Rhea, Paul, and Rome) and trainers (JP and Jeanna), along with their TL Carlo. This was the case for the rest of the week, which I'm terribly glad for, since I'm having trouble accepting the fact that we're parting ways. 

On Friday, I didn't sleep. I was up all day making a financial journal, applying the accounting cycle to my life, and making a financial plan. I'm relieved I still had the focus to solve tickets at work. During lunch time, Anne broke down and came to me, asking for support. She told me she fears she won't pass the nesting period since she made mistakes—a lot is at stake. Everyone around her seems to be bringing her down: her dad, her boyfriend, the TL. She had no one to talk to about all her baggage—so she came to me. We sat on the stairs infront of the mall, and we talked. She cried, and I comforted her. When the results of the Extended Nesting period came out, Anne didn't pass—she broke down again. I hugged her as hard as I could and comforted her as best as I could. She didn't want to go home yet so she went with us since by the end of our Friday shift (which was Saturday at 2 in the morning), we were planning to go out and drink. So that's what we did. All of us at the TM UK nesting team came except for Camille and Leona (who resigned before the nesting period ended—she gave us Jollibee burgers each). Roxy sent me ₱2000 on GCash so that I can book an AirBnB for me and CJ later during the day. We ordered some fruity alcohol and some cheap finger food. There was a live band playing. We checked the back of the bar, there were a strobe lights area which hurts my eyes. Anne was all over the place since she downed 3 glasses in less than an hour. Dean and I paid for our order for the mean time. We smoked cigarettes before we got up to leave. We went home at 7 in the morning, wasted as fuck. I'm surprised I got home in one piece. Shiena was a monster at drinking. I immediately fell asleep as soon as I got home. 

I woke up around 1 in the afternoon, drifting in and out of sleep. I still felt dizzy but I had to go since the check-in time for our room at QC was at 3 PM. I rode an Angkas from San Joaquin to QC. I got there on time, checked in, informed CJ I was there, ate fried chicken, then fell asleep until 6 PM. CJ came around 7 PM. We ate outside first. She took 2 polaroid photos. We then got to drinking around 9 PM. At first, we were just watching videos on Youtube. She then decided to just close all the lights. Then she decided to play drinking games, like dare games or Never Have I Ever. I kept losing so I kept drinking. There were questions there that were a bit spicy, like "Never Have I Ever Fantasized About Someone In This Room" or "Never Have I Ever Thought Of Sleeping With Anyone In This Room". It was just the two of us so it's really awkward, especially when she skips those questions as quick as a lightning. We got bored a little while after that, so we played Guess the Disney Songs on Youtube. This is where we really had fun. Nearing the end, we were linking arms and taking videos and shouting—I don't remember much of anything after that. All I can remember is that I vomited a couple of times, she took care of me by providing a bucket and patting my back. Then I just blacked out on the bed. I woke up around 6 in the morning, she woke up, too. We just laid beside each other in bed and talked. She asked me "why are you squeezed at the corner of the bed?" then she subtly leaned closer to my side. I leaned my head above hers while we talked but I never laid a finger on her—I didn't even think about it. But the feeling was nice. I could smell her hair from where I was. We eventually got up to take cold showers to sober up. We used the same soap, shampoo, and conditioner. I took my time showering for some reason, I didn't want to go out yet. We slacked off a bit, fooled around with my vape and our phone cameras—we even did a TikTok dance—before we officially said goodbye to the room. We walked outside with no destination in mind. It feels weirdly nice having her cling on my arm while we walk, having her beside me like that. We eventually decided to just book a motorcycle ride to SM North, since she had to go home before noon. We got there, we didn't know what to do, so I just treated her to some coffee. We talked about her crush, and we doodle on receipts and tissues. I gave her the Lorde drawing, she gave me some markers. We headed home past 10:30 AM and then we parted ways. Just like that, the trip was done. I still felt numb about everything and I didn't want to go home—so I stayed at Trinoma. I played arcade games alone, then bought 3 books. I headed home since I didn't have money to spend anymore. I talked to CJ on Telegram the entire time. I still didn't want to go home but when I got home, I invited my sister to go to Cubao to thrift clothes—she agreed. I treated her to some BonChon, we had a fun talk. We got a bit lost (a tad bit lost). We found a Japanese convenience store so we bought Strawberry Ramune. We walked a long way, only to ride a taxi back to where we came from because we went the opposite way. We settled with a thrift shop nearest us instead of nothing. The clothers were expensive, I spent more than ₱1000, and I could tell my sister was disappointed, but oh well. We went home, still cracking jokes on the trip home. I immediately fell asleep again as soon as we arrived. Sunday night, I tried to post pictures of CJ and I but she strongly prevented me from doing so and demanded I remove Renson from my followers, as well as delete my post with her. With a heavy heart, I did. I had to respect whatever her reasons for staying private are, and I'm also not gonna ask. Disappointed, yes, but who am I to be, right? I also told Renson I can't update him about us anymore, I apologized. CJ and I talked for a bit more on Instagram. I told her about how I used to see her as this idealized unreachable person but ever since I met her in real life for the first time, I stopped seeing her as a goddess, and instead saw her as an actual human person. She didn't really feel anything much about it, as she claimed, but I don't know, I just wanted to say that. 

Monday morning, I went to NCMH to consult about the Psych Clearance. The hospital opens at 7 AM, so I wandered the streets, going nowhere, feeling emptier as I walk further, while eating my Karimans. I went to the hospital and asked, they just told me to set an appointment, then I got home empty-handed. I was terribly sleepy the entire ride home, then I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the bed. I woke up past 12 noon to have my hair bleached and dyed. I spent ₱1000 and almost 3 hours at the salon, just to achieve a hair color 4 shades darker than what I liked. But anyway, I got home immediately just to change and go to work. I almost couldn't get there on time, but gladly I did. Sarah and I's team aren't there since it's their rest day. Fortunately, we were situated beside our nesting SMEs again, as well as Marc—who's also a part of team Rhaffie. I was pretty disappointed with my performance and my current life situation; whacked work-life balance, weighed heavily on my mind—I couldn't really do my best to focus at all. The entire time I just wanted to go home. Thankfully, the time passed pretty quickly. The next thing I know, I'm already home. Also, Dean, Roxy and I talked about my ex and how they keep telling me exes don't act like that around each other and just spend a night together. I tried not to think about it. 

So let me tell you about how I'm feeling. I'm feeling so numb and empty. Even when I say I'm having fun spending time with people, in the end I just feel drained and so disconnected from myself. Even when I have the weekends to myself, I end up spending those hours sleeping. This work is not that taxing, but the fact that I never have time for myself anymore, fucking kills my soul. I don't have time to read, to listen to music, to make art, to journal—to just do what I enjoy. But then, it has come to a point where I'm neglecting my hygiene, laundry, room, skin care, medication, daily life organization. I'm not in control of my awareness, of living in the moment, and my conscious actions. I'm just not inside myself—I'm far away, floating somewhere else, and I think I'm lost. My life doesn't feel like it's violently out of control, I just feel like a ghost: my soul is lost and I keep calling for it to come back. It's only almost been a month since I started working, and I already feel like a dead person. Only 4 days since I started production, and I already feel like going home. 

Right now, I only have 3 hours before I get ready for work—I have to do everything I have to do within that time frame. I don't want to dread going because I will end up not enjoying my time at all. I will try to do my best to liven up my spirits and keep remembering why I wanted to work in the first place. I will keep on trying to bring back control of my life.