tags: [[journal]] [[chai]] [[heartbreak]] 

chai and i broke up officially. i can't get into much detail and i'm still feeling incredibly numb since it hurt like it's the biggest fucking painstar i've ever touched. it started when we both got our disagreements about not meeting up until the end of the year, and how disappointed i felt, and how she felt hurt too and i failed to see that due to my own emotions. i tried to reassure her and understand her feelings, i guess i failed on that part because she never once faltered in changing her mind. i removed her from all my socials, and i removed all her and our photos and videos together, she did so with mine, too. i'll admit, i did that just probably to make things hurt even more, or just to rip the band-aid clean right off. she said as much as it hurts her, it was never easy letting me go and wishes to still stay in my life. she said i should've asked first before deleting her, she said she hated me for it. honestly? i deserve every single pain coming my way. chai, she kept pulling away, further away from me, until i can't reach her anymore. no matter how hard i fight for whatever we had, she just doesn't want to hold on. it's not that different from my situation with CJ, it ended exactly like that, they're unable to change and are afraid to hurt me in the process. i left out of spite. i know i'll regret my actions for the rest of my life. and i also know i'll never love anyone else but only chai. i'll be alone for the rest of my waking days, perhaps dabbling in child romance play every now and then, still yearning for a day i'd get to hold her again, which will never happen. i guess this is inevitable. i've always felt like, one way or another, it will end, no matter how much i fight for it. even though i used to see her in my future, she's just currently in a hard time growing and changing. she was suffering a lot, and i watched it all burn. she didn't leave me, in a way, i left her. this might be a chapter of my life where a lot of character development must be made. i saw my mistakes and i saw hers—she was unable to escape her suffering and i couldn't be the one to save her—it's not my responsibility. we loved each other, i still do, i always will hold a special place for her in my heart, but things had to end, it was getting toxic, with the way i kept holding on and the way she kept self-sabotaging. i don't think i'll ever really bring this up to anyone at all. we had our time. this is not gonna be easy, the moving on part will never be easy. i'll still think about her, dream about her, reminisce our memories forever, replaying in my mind over and over, until the end of time. she asked me not to tell her i love her anymore, i didn't. it's done, there's no going back. i'll keep pushing through. i went back to square one. what matters is today, this moment, i'll hold the greatest value for all my values. it's a rebrand, if you may.