status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Yesterday was hectic. I'm just gonna keep it brief since I feel dizzy. I woke up to a phone call at 8 AM. It was Ma'am Gracia, the one who referred me to *Concentrix* at the front of the mall last Thursday. I said I'll be there at 10 AM. She called again at 10 AM, I just woke up, but I told her I was on my way. I groggily got up and prepared. I didn't even take a shower, I just got dressed and left. My dad sent me ₱500 on GCash. I cashed it out then got on an FX to Megamall. Ma'am Gracia, and some trainee, met me at the entrance. The *Concentrix* building was just right beside it. I got in, showed my ID, got a visitor pass, then applied on the online website, waited for the initial screening, then passed the initial screening. After that, there was an assessment, just like the ones I took at *Foundever* and *Teleperformance*, so I knew what to expect and do. I passed the assessment, although I was a bit disappointed with my typing speed (54 wpm - 100% accuracy), but I still passed. The next was in the recruitment room. I grabbed some biscuits before going. There, I met this cool fluent-in-English guy (I didn't know what his name was back then) who assisted me with the next steps. I took another assessment, I passed again. But the *Ticketmaster* account job offer requires my diploma and transcript of records, so he endorsed me to a travel account, so I had to wait for a final interview. I was waiting at the lobby, I talked to this lady, but got called back to the recruitment  room for some reason. There, the guy told me I can start on Monday. I just had to do the job offer before I go. And boy, it took too long. I had to read all these employment agreements, upload my signatures and IDs, set up my SSS, Pag-Ibig, Metrobank and NBI accounts. It took like more than an hour, but I pushed through it, and eventually I was done. Rafael, the guy assisting me, told me I should just wait for a message on Viber for further instructions. I thanked him for his time, he congratulated me, then I went on my way. I went inside Megamall, contemplated where I should eat, ended up at Wendy's, ordered a Baconator Single Combo meal, ate silently and alone. After that, I tried to find the exit where the FXs were. I got out, the line was long, contemplated whether to just get an Angkas or wait, waited for the Angkas, there was none, waited for the FX, there was none, then I decided to just walk. I don't know where but I just walked. Eventually I reached a 7/11. I charged my phone for 10 minutes, then bought 2 *Lemon-Dou* alcoholic drinks, 3% and 5% Alcohol respectively. I planned on drinking it while walking but it seemed inconvenient at the time. I tried to book an Angkas again but I probably put the wrong pick-up point so I just cancelled it. I walked to San Antonio and there I rode a jeep to Kapasigan. I got off there, took a jeep to San Joaquin. Eventually I got home. I drank my lemon alcohol drinks, then invited my sister to go to 7/11. We bought chips, then Monster for my older brother, then a *Lemon-Dou* 9% Alcohol for me, then a cold tea for my younger sister. I was feeling a bit dizzy and tipsy the whole time. There was this kid asking for coins, and I rudely told her "What?" before giving her some 3-peso coins. We went home, I drank my alcohol while eating my chips, and we talked. The "team manager" of the trainees removed me from the Viber GC since I don't have the Pag-Ibig ID Number yet but he later added me back. It's either someone provided my details already or someone told him it's okay to make me stay. Either way, I'm glad. Still, I'm a bit stressed out since I have a lot to do before starting on Monday. And yet, I'll be going to MOA tomorrow to meet my older sister, together with my younger sister. I was getting tipsy so I finished my drink, did my to-do list for tomorrow, then wrote this entry. I finally got a job, but at what cost?