status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[job]] 

Yesterday was a blast. I woke up really early so I can go to Pag-IBIG at Shaw. I wore my attire for work since I thought I'd be staying for long. I tried to get my ID Number but they told me it will take 3 working days for the system to generate it. They only printed a Member Form document with my Registration Tracking Number. But anyways, I got home, changed into comfortable clothes, told the guy handling the *TicketMaster* trainees that I can't have the Pag-IBIG ID number yet, then fell asleep. I woke up sometime around 2 PM, I didn't even set an alarm, which was really bold of me. I ate, sipped my stale coffee a few times, showered, prepared, dressed up really nicely and cool, then rode an FX to Megamall. I got to *Concentrix* at 3:45 PM. They told me I have to get my Employee ID number at the recruitment room, so that's what I told the reception desk. They told me I should first get a quick medical assessment first. I did that, it was really quick, then waited at the recruitment room. I tried to find Ms. Ailyn, but she told me to go to Sir Kief. I smiled at Rafael on the way, I approached Sir Kief, he didn't know what was happening, but he told me to wait at a room with other trainees waiting for their Employee ID number, too. Just moments later, we got our Employee ID number from the GC on Viber, so we didn't really have to wait there. We went to the 8th floor lobby, then waited until past 5 PM. I talked to Sarah and Belen, and some other applicant. I saw a cute girl and I was hoping she was a trainee, too. Ms. Fatima arrived, then told us to go to the 9th floor with her. So we went to the Trainee Room 3, choose seats in front of a bunch of computers. We weren't allowed to have our phones with us so we put it in our bags. Then we started the session. We had to introduce ourselves; our name, nickname, years of experience, and what to expect from the training—basic stuff. Then the second part was fun. We had to pretend we're going to live on the moon and we had to convince the spaceship owner to secure us a seat based on our given job title and age. I was part of the last ones to be called. I was assigned an animal trainer. I forgot what bullshit I said but it was kind of fun. Then we discussed the house rules. We took a 30-minute break at 7:30 PM. I went to the 9th floor pantry *with Sarah. I bought a Caramel Macchiato and a Corn Dog Overload*. We ate at the table. Later, Belen, Eds, Shiena, Dean, and Iñigo joined us at the table. They ate rice and dish. We talked about random stuff, then got back at 8 PM. We started the session again, talked about communication, business writing, and other stuff. I was always the one reciting when the trainer asks questions. Next thing we know, it's our 1-hour lunch break. I went with Sarah again, then with Roxy, JC, Ken, and Dean (supposedly). We went to some kind of back alley where cheap eateries were and a lot of parked motorcycles. I didn't feel like eating so I just bought a *Sting* energy drink. I saw JC, Roxy, and Ken smoking so I bought myself two Marlboro Reds and joined them—I used JC's lighter. I only got to smoke one cigarette, they were shocked that I smoked, and that I smoke Marlboro Reds. We went back to the Training Room 3 at 10:30 PM. I talked to Ryan and Jay. They were shocked that I smoked. We talked about drinking, too. They asked about my nose piercing and if I had tattoos. I said not yet. We started the session once again at past 11 PM. We talked about the British culture, the accents, pronunciations, and slangs. We mostly watched videos and read the words on the slides, also looked at the differences between British and American pronunciations. The time passed really quickly. Ms. Fatima allowed us to leave at 12:30 AM instead of 1 AM since someone needs to use the room we were in. Dean, Sarah, Ken, and me went to the clinic to get our final medical assessment. They just asked us if we experience coughs and flu, then we got sent out. I went with Sarah on the way out since she doesn't know how to get home and I felt responsible. We walked around Megamall, met Camille on our way to the foot bridge, parted ways, then went to San Antonio to wait for a jeepney. There were no Pasig San Joaquin jeepneys so I decided to just ride a Pasig Palengke, get off at Kapasigan or Simbahan, then wait for another jeepney to Bicutan Taguig. I paid for the first jeep fare for both me and Sarah. Then she paid for the second jeep fare for us both this time. I got off at San Joaquin, bid Sarah goodbye, fist-bumped JC (who was also there in that same jeep coincidentally) and went home. I almost thought the stray dogs would get me but I kept my cool and walked briskly on the way home. I got home safely. I immediately took a shower, talked to my mom about the experience. Oh, somewhere during the day, I talked to CJ about meeting up again. She thought I was at QC, but I told her I'm stationed at Ortigas. Also, I found out the account we applied for is blended. Basically, it’s for Voice and Non-Voice training. Ms. Fatima said we start our job with Non-Voice account then they'll see from there who will stay at Non-Voice or who will be assigned to a Voice account.