---
entryTitle: family
growth: "[[adult]]"
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[family]]"
  - "[[psychoanalysis]]"
  - "[[yea]]"
  - "[[2017]]"
dateCreated: 2017-11-14
dayCreated: Tuesday
timeCreated:
---

Confused. Empty. Blank stares. Cold floor tiles. Lonely Nights.

The things I feel everyday. Everyday is just like a routine. It is forever embedded in my brain, my body automatically functioning according to what's in it. Sleep, wake up, put on a mask, eat, go to school, go home, do the things I have to do, eat, do the things I want to do, then go back to sleep. That's how it always goes. Lucky if I have some event to attend to or do things outside the house. Pitch in a handful of self-loathing, boat-load of anxiety and a cup of depression; et voila! It's me.

They say home is where your heart is. Home is a place where people care about you. We may not have a permanent house but for some reason, I couldn't possibly call this house my home. I just don't feel it. It's just... not there. Distant is the perfect word. So close, yet so far. My family stay together just because we are all what we have left. We are all trying. Maybe not equally putting in efforts, not really trying that hard. Trying to attain that "normal" label as a family even when right from the start we all know, we're not. We have gone through a lot. We all know everything won't ever be the same for we have all dirtied and trashed what pitiful excuse of a family picture we are holding onto. The so-called family is long-gone right from the start.

I look at my mother's eyes and I see tiredness. Exhaustion. Desperate. Annoyed of the fact that she always will single-handedly handle everything. She has no choice. Exhausted of constantly working day and night, dealing with every problem there is in the household; mostly financial mattters. Desperate for a change and help but at the same time tired of hoping for a change of fate. She knows it's destined this way but she is the one that tries the hardest. The love is still there but it's slowly being overcomed with rage. The fearful and gentle mother that I know is blurring off the photo.

I look at my father's eyes and I see pride. Flames. Power. Unforgiving. Always seeking for a fight. Something to pour his anger and madness into. Ever since he got into a big position in the company, everything changed. My father is a brilliant human. I would say person but he lacks of traits and morality a human would normally have for him to be called "a person". He is intellectual, skillfull, a quick-thinker, an entrepreneur. But in exchange of that, long-gone was the humble and loving father that I know of. That very pure and unforgettable moment is the only thing that remains in my heart that proves the he became a father to me. That time when my siblings went out to watch a movie without me because I was sound asleep. I cried so hard. But my father, he did everything just to make me smile. He even made this make-shift halo-halo crafting box for me to tinker with. We walked all the way from our house to my grandma's to show them what I have. I may look stupid with that box hanging on my neck but I was happy, because I know he was with me. A smile across my face while strolling along the street, holding my father's hand. But I doubt it will happen again. He has become selfish. Prideful. Thinking he is better than anyone and everyone. He blames everyone of what has happened in his life. He sees every wrong thing in a person but doesn't see what good a person has and can do. He became abusive; he hits. My mother and my older brothers have experienced the receiving ends of his fists. He is mostly the reason why everything went hayward. Maybe he is also trying. He rarely shows his weak side, his love and his affection. But I know I could never see him the same before. I look at him now and I see a different person. I would rather have a stupid father with a golden heart rather than a cold-hearted human being that can do anything and knows everything.

I look at my brother's eyes and I see emptiness. Unreadable. Weariness. Long-gone was the playful and cheerful brother who goes crazy with me over pokemon and anime. Replaced by a dummy body. Void of emotions and feelings. He is so good in masking everything, hiding what he feels and it messes him up inside. There are times he still tries and makes us laugh but that's it. He doesn't make connection intimately or try and hope for a change. He is just so tired. Of everything and everyone. I know for a fact he has gone through depression, or maybe until now. It's hard. When he witnessed everything right from the start, giving him wrinkles at such a young age. He is very quiet and observant. Sometimes I may think that he doesn't care at all, but I know, deep down, he still does.

I look at my younger brother's eyes and I see also pride. Weakness. Fear. He is almost at adolescence, preparing for puberty. He is now adapting the last bits of things in his environment, especially when he sticks around a lot with my father. But as days pass by, his eyes are slowly clouding with pride and boast. He is learning and taking advantage of what he has for his pleasure of showing off. A little self-confidence is alright but it's becoming a little too much. I used to see my brother to grow as a big person but with a weak and soft heart. He still is weak, afraid to defend himself but he is making a strong but prideful front that triggers him to become an abusive person. I'm afraid it will end up as him being a bully.

I look at my younger sister's eyes and I see purity. Care. Admiration. Confusion. My sister is pure at heart. She equally cares and loves each and one of the family members. But particularly sets an admiration towards me for some reason. I don't want her to. For she doesn't know who I really am. I don't want her admiring a fake person. For all these times I've been scolded and beaten up due to my "attitude" towards everyone and anyone, she continued to stay. And now, I'm having a crisis if she sees the good in me or just blindly adores the mask I've always used. She is only 9 years old, and is a good kid. She had witnessed a lot of fights and arguments, setting a deep confusion along the road as she grow up. But experiencing a lot causes too much information and influences. She might be too young to think of everything that has happened, but I know that she's also aware. Hope is still ablaze in her heart. But I can see rage and annoyance is fogging her heart. And maybe, just maybe. She might be the hope of the future of this wretched family. But who knows if that's just me hoping.

And then there's me. I look at the mirror, and seek what lies behind my own pair of orbs. I look into my eyes and see...a little mix of everything. From my mother, I have the extreme exhaustion of life. There are times I have planned on ending it all, believe it or not. There came I point that I pointed the tip of the knife to my abdomen and thought, 'This is it. This is my end.'. I was 12 that time. Everything is just....so tiring. From my father, I have the selfishness and a little bit of pride. Denying it for almost everyday, I know to myself that I can be selfish, but only to small materialistic things. Because I am a materialistic person. I am prideful because I seldom swallow my pride for people I care for the most. And I am becoming prideful and selfish with all the skills and knowledge I have discovered and is continuing in learning. From my older brother, I am a box of fanatic, playful and depressed human full of doubts and carelessness. One moment, I can be extremely emotional and the next, I could care less. It happens a lot of times, it's like a cycle. There are times when I would joke around, even going overboard (one of my flaws. I couldn't control it) just to make people smile. But then there are other times when I would curl like a ball on my bed, locked in my room, crying my eyeballs out until I sleep due to exhaustion. From my younger brother, I have a weak heart. I am afraid of changes and I'm afraid of defending anyone, even myself. I can't fight back and I hate it. I know to myself that I'm too weak and I can't be independent; always and forever dependent to other people. It rages me for I can't do anything about it. Pathetic, right? From my younger sister, I still have the love remaining in me. I still have the flames of hope burning inside my heart, wanting to reconcile and relive of what pieces of family I have left. I'm still learning. I want a change. I'm desperate for change. Pride is stopping me. The willingness of everyone and how open they are of this topic is stopping me. I'd like to think I'm the only sane person left in this family. And also the worst and best case in store. I'm not becoming any younger now, it's almost my 16th birthday. And yet, nothing has changed ever since. It only worsened. I believe my life will go downhill sooner or later, I can just feel it. When everything is at its peek, it will go crashing down the aisle. I am deeply wounded and forever will be. The scars of the past is still there and the present lets it bleed out, making it fresh. I don't know what I'm fighting for, or am I fighting at all. I still don't know who I am or what my sole purpose in life is. I'm confused. I'm lost. I'm scared. There is so much more to life than there is now yet I am so close to giving up. I'm breathing but I'm sure as hell am not living. Maybe, just maybe, a little tinge of hope may come save me from forever falling in this black hole.