---
growth: "[[adult]]"
entryTitle: problem, spectator, everyone's insane
tagLinks:
  - "[[2017]]"
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[mania]]"
  - "[[bipolar]]"
  - "[[spectator]]"
dateCreated: 2017-10-18
dayCreated: Wednesday
timeCreated: 02:35
---
People have problems. I do, too. Like personality problems. Identity problems. Family problems. Financial problems. Anxiety Problems. And I have everything. But hey, I'm only human, I can't be perfect like I want to. But sometimes, I can't help but to be a bit of everything. It's like I was made to have a bit of every single thing or trait or like or whatever. I can't seem to decide who I really am or what I really want. I want a bit of everything. I want every experience. I'm interested with everything. I want to be this but I can't since I also want to be that. Is it a bad thing? I want too much for a 15-year-old like me. So I can't help but wish that I live eternally. I know I've got a long way to go but I also know I can't experience everything with just a short span of life. I also wish for one thing. A spectator. I wish to see what everyone sees, what everyone feels. How the world works, what there is out there in outer space. I want to see what it is inside the earth's core but I also don't want to feel pain nor do I want to die. I want to see how every cell works, how every organ functions, I want to be inside there. I want to be an atom. God, I think too much. I want to be like Lucy, y'know? I can't express everything in mind, even in writing. I can't even think straight. My thoughts are overwhelming, it's in hyperdrive and I'm trying to hold it in or I might go crazy. Seriously, it will burst soon.. I can just feel it.. There are so many thoughts that I want to think about but I'm restraining myself, is that bad? I feel like I'm being refrained from endless possibilities just because of the way I am living. What a shame, really. For a teenager like me, I can already do a lot of things. But I guess I'm just lazy, or something is stopping me. They say if you really want it, you can have it. codswallop. There are REALLY those circumstances that you JUST.CAN'T.HAVE IT. People should learn that. Everything doesn't go the way you want it to. To hell with it, seriously. It's reality. Funny though, I was wishing for a complete fantasy just minutes ago and now I'm discussing with this WordPad about facing reality. That's it. I'm officially crazy. Oh wait, every person IS crazy. They're just not aware; I can see it actually. Everyone's flaw in their own human brains and emotions. They are just not aware. I don't know if that's MY flaw, or it's just everyone.. everyone's the problem. They think they know who they really are but they just don't. I don't know if it's just me, or it's them. But I can see it. I can see everything. Might as well go as psychiatrist hahajk.