status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[future]] [[school]] 

i've always wondered what it felt like when i grow up. would i suck? would i be alone and with no friends? would i be rich, succesful and have a stable job? i couldn't imagine myself bearing a child but i can imagine myself having a family of my own. i dream of living in a cozy apartment unit or a small house where i can live comfortably. i dream of myself coming home from work, tired from working my ass off all day then buy chinese take-outs before arriving home. i dream of myself when getting my salary, splitting the bills for water and electricity and rent before other stuff. it would be nice living a life of my own, away from the past problems and all that. sure there would be loads of obstacles and challenges but i couldn't think of how i will surpass it or will i even get through it or not. before having a job of my own, first i gotta go through college. college..makes my mind feel refreshed and stressed at the same time. i mean, college is the second most stressful part of life. yes, it would be fun meeting new friends, staying with friends and living the teenage life but you would also be packed with lotsa school work. fitting into peers and avoid getting bulllied are some problems you have to face. focusing on your main course would be a main priority. i know i have my eyes set on a few universities that i can go to but some are just pure expensive that i just can't financially go to, yknow? i ain't that rich. i know that i'm focusing on one course; fine arts but i don't really know if this is what i truly want and i truly love. i am aware of my talent in drawing, i sure love sketching but i don't know if this is my career. i have  a lot of hobbies and a lot of skills. i can sing, i can dance, i can write, i can play the guitar, i can cook, i can think quickly, i am fast. but i don't know. i'm still deciding yet. before college, of course, there is senior high. i know i already have a school to go to for senior high (which has tuition fee and i heard was very huge) but i don't know if i'm ready to face the outside world and moreover a private and well-developed school. i'm afraid i won't fit in, learning that i've spent my whole life studying in public schools and never considered going in private schools. i have chosen a track already which i think is i'm most capable of doing which is arts and design. for now, i'm focusing on drawing my heart out and learning a lot more about art and stuff. i personally think that everything is art. and now, i'm about to enter the very last year of junior high. i've gone through pre-school, kindergarten, elementary, middle school and the first year of junior high and i must say, i've done pretty well getting achievements here and there. having more than a handful of friends here and there. it was a really fun ride and i don't regret a single thing in studying in public schools. yes, there are little ups and downs but  i never regretted shit, yknow. now this last year, am having doubts. i mean, i know this is not the first time that i can't be in pilot section since we currently are in heterogenous sectioning but i don't really know why i can't be there since my grades are qualified as pilot section but the school faculty just really wants me away from my original fam. but i don't regret moving away from them, i learned a lot of things. i just have some strange feeling that this wouldn't be an awesome experience, yknow? gut feeling. especially since i heard we are in night shift like that sucks. BIG TIME. it's not only i wouldn't most likely meet peers from other grades, we'll be isolated as hell, but also i'd have to deal with late night fucking travel from campus to home since i live shit far away from school. there's a big chance that i'd change schools and go to that private school for senior high that i mentioned but HECK NO. i am NOT ready to be away from my fam yet. THEY ARE MY EVERYTHING and one of my important part of my life right now, so i can't just yet. i know we're gonna separate ways after this and prolly lose contact along senior high but heck no, not today. i'd do everything to stay in that shitty school. i mean, the school's education is shitty, the toilets are shitty, the food is shitty, the students are shitty, but my friends AREN'T shitty. and this is my alma matter, dude. i bet my medium OCD would bother me for not finishing junior high there. for now, i gotta bear with this shitty boring insanely hot summer vacation until i get new stuff for school and go to school along with my precious allowance. :)