status: #child 
tags: [[list]] [[game]] 

- [ ] Grow A Garden ALL PETS
	- [x] ***Starfish*** — Common Summer Egg — 50% Hatch Chance — *Common* : Gains additional 5.85 XP per second (increases by 0.085 XP every age up from 1) #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Crab*** — Common Summer Egg — 25% Hatch Chance — *Common* : Pinch Pocket: Occasionally goes to another player and pinches them, granting sheckles. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Seagull*** — Common Summer Egg — 25% Hatch Chance — *Common* : Scavenger: Shoveling plants have a chance to drop the equivalent seed. Does not work on limited fruits like Candy Blossom. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Bunny*** — Common Egg — 33.33% Hatch Chance — *Common* : Every ~40 seconds, the Bunny searches for a Carrot or Chocolate carrot on the garden and eats it, automatically selling it at a marked up price of 1.5x value. The sell value multiplier increases as the Bunny ages. If no Carrots are planted in the garden, Bunnies will wander around aimlessly. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Dog*** — Common Egg — 33.33% Hatch Chance — *Common* : Every ~60 seconds, the Dog will attempt to dig up a random seed (only Seed Shop plants), with a ~5% chance to succeed #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Golden Lab*** — Common Egg — 33.33% Hatch Chance — *Common* : Every ~60 seconds, the Golden Lab will attempt to dig up a random seed that can be found in the Seed Shop, with a ~10% chance to succeed #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden  
	- [x] ***Bee*** — Bee Egg — 65% Hatch Chance — *Uncommon* : Every 24:45m, the Bee flies to a nearby fruit and pollinates it, applying the Pollinated Mutation. When pollination occurs, the following message appears: Bee applied Pollinated mutation to [Fruit]. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Black Bunny*** — Uncommon Egg — 25% Hatch Chance — *Uncommon* : Every 40 seconds, the Black Bunny searches for a Carrot or Chocolate Carrot on the garden and eats it, automatically selling it at a marked up price of 1.5x value. The sell value multiplier increases as the Bunny ages. If no Carrot is available, the Black Bunny will roam around the garden without taking action. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Cat*** — Uncommon Egg — 25% Hatch Chance — *Uncommon* : Every 80 seconds, the Cat naps for 10 seconds. Nearby plants within 10 studs will have their new fruit grow 1.25x larger. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Chicken*** — Uncommon Egg — 25% Hatch Chance — *Uncommon* : The Chicken passively increases egg hatch speed by approximately 10%. This boost can stack with other pets as well as the Rooster, Kiwi and the Blood Kiwi. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Deer*** — Uncommon Egg — 25% Hatch Chance — *Uncommon* : The Deer has a passive trait which gives a 3% chance for berry plants to replant themselves when harvested. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Monkey*** — Rare Egg — 8.33% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : The Monkey has a passive trait that gives a ~2.5% chance of refunding a plant back to the player when selling. Rarer plants have a lower refund chance #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Orange Tabby*** — Rare Egg — 33.33% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Every 90 seconds, the Orange Tabby takes a 15 second nap. After the nap, any new fruit within 15 studs will grow 1.5x larger. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Pig*** — Rare Egg — 16.67% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Every 118 seconds, emits an aura for 15 seconds granting 2x chance for new fruit to grow as variants within 15 studs! (Rainbow and Gold) #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Rooster*** — Rare Egg — 16.67% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : The Rooster has a passive trait that increases egg hatch speed by ~20%. #GAGplant #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Spotted Deer*** — Rare Egg — 25% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Gives a 5% chance for berry plants to stay when harvested. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Flamingo*** — Rare Summer Egg — 30% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Flamboyance: Every ~4 minutes, stands on one leg for ~15 seconds. All plants and fruits/crops within ~13 studs grows ~15x faster #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Toucan*** — Rare Summer Egg — 25% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Tropical Lover: Grants all tropical plants within 25.77 studs, a 1.70x size bonus! #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Sea Turtle*** — Rare Summer Egg — 20% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Shell Share: Every ~10 minutes, shares its wisdom with a random pet, granting ~1000 bonus experience! Water Splash: Every ~118 seconds, splashes water at a nearby fruit and it has a 10% chance to become Wet! #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Orangutan*** — Rare Summer Egg — 15% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Helping Hands: When crafting, each material has a (3.49%) chance for it not to be consumed #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Seal*** — Rare Summer Egg — 10% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Seal the Deal: When selling pets, has a 2.42% chance to get the pet back as its egg equivalent #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Wasp*** — Anti Bee Egg — 55% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Every 30 minutes, the Wasp flies to a nearby fruit and pollinates it, applying the Pollinated mutation. When pollination occurs, the following message appears: Wasp applied Pollinated mutation to the [Plant]. Every 10 minutes, the Wasp stings a random pet and advances its ability cooldown by 60 seconds #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Honey Bee*** — Bee Egg — 25% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Every ~20m, flies to a nearby fruit and pollinates it, applying the Pollinated mutation. This trait is exactly same with Bee, but with shorter cooldown #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Hedgehog*** — Night Egg — 49% Hatch Chance — *Rare* : Occasionally grants Cactus, Durian, Pineapple, Celestiberry, Nectar Thorn, Prickly Pear and Dragon Fruit a 1.51x size bonus. This trait is stackable, meaning that the more Hedgehogs a player has equipped on their farm, the bigger size will bonus they will get for their prickly fruits #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Kiwi*** — It will automatically be given with no additional cost to the player upon reaching 160 Lunar Points in the Lunar Glow Event. — *Rare* : The Kiwi's' passive is to go to the egg with the highest remaining hatch time and sing above it, making it decrease the egg's time by 25 seconds every minute. However, the Kiwi will not do anything if there are no eggs on the player's plot or the eggs have no remaining time left, rendering it uselessm #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Tarantula Hawk*** — Anti Bee Egg — 30% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Every 25 minutes, the Tarantula Hawk flies to a nearby fruit and pollinates it, applying the Pollinated mutation. When pollination occurs, the following message appears: Tarantula Hawk applied Pollinated mutation to the plant. Every 5 minutes, the Tarantula Hawk stings a random pet and advances its ability cooldown by 80 seconds #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Turtle*** — Legendary Egg — 2.13% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : The Turtle has a trait that simply amplifies the duration of sprinklers, making them last ≈20% longer than its usual duration #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Moth*** — Anti Bee Egg — 13.75% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Every ~13 minutes, restores 100% hunger of a random pet by singing to it. Having two active moths can totally restore the entire pets' hunger so they don't have to be fed anymore #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Frog*** — Night Egg — 14% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Every ~20 minutes, croaks and a random nearby plant will advance growth by 24 hours #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Moon Cat*** — Summer Harvest — *Legendary* : Every ≈70 seconds, naps for ≈20 seconds. New fruit within ≈20 studs will be ≈1.5x larger. ≈6% chance moon type fruits stays after harvest #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Scarlet Macaw*** — Paradise Egg — 8% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Verdant Bird: Every 12:00m, 16.00% chance to mutate a nearby fruit, applying the Verdant mutation #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Mole*** — Night Egg — 22% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Every <80 seconds, digs into the ground and finds Sheckles or Gears. Here are the list of all items that the Mole could find: #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Peacock*** — Paradise Egg — 30% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Utter Beauty: Occasionally fans its feathers every ~10 minutes and all nearby pets will advance ability cooldowns by ~60 seconds #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Ostrich*** — Paradise Egg — 40% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Eggsperience: Grants pets hatched from eggs an age bonus #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Capybara*** — Paradise Egg — 21% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Chill Zone: Nearby pets' hunger will not go down and they will gain additional exp per second #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Sand Snake*** — Oasis Egg — 34.5% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Buying from the seed/gear shop has a 1.45% to duplicate the bought item #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Meerkat*** — Oasis Egg — 45% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Every 7:14m goes to another pet and does a lookout. That pet advanced cooldown by 21.06s! Has a 15.53% chance to do it again after each lookout #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Cow*** — Legendary Egg — 42.55% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : The Cow has a passive trait which causes all plants within 8 studs to grow 1.12x faster #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Polar Bear*** — Legendary Egg — 2.13% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Every ~90 seconds, ~10% chance a nearby fruit becomes Chilled or Frozen #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Sea Otter*** — Legendary Egg — 10.64% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Every ~30 seconds, the Sea Otter sprays water on the nearest plant within ~15 studs. The Sea Otter does not apply any mutations to the affected plant - it only speeds up growth similar to the Watering Can. The ability is completely random, there is no higher or lower chances for specific rarities #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Silver Monkey*** — Legendary Egg — 42.55% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : The Silver Monkey gives an 8% chance to refund crops back to a player's inventory. Rarer crops have a lower chance of receiving these refunds. For example, a Carrot has a higher chance of being refunded than a Candy Blossom. This chance stacks with other Silver Monkeys, as well as Monkeys #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Panda*** — First hour of the Animal update — *Legendary* : Every ~3 minutes, the Panda goes to a bamboo in the garden and eats it, immediately selling it for a ~1.5x value increase. The player still receives the money after the Panda eats the bamboo. If there's no bamboo in the garden, the Panda will walk around the garden aimlessly #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Blood Hedgehog*** — 23,000,000 sheckles in Blood Moon Shop — *Legendary* : The Blood Hedgehog's trait is Sanguine Spike, which grants a ~2x size within ~25 studs and ~1.17x variant bonus with in ~20 studs of a prickly fruit (which are Dragon Fruit, Durian, Celestiberry, Cactus, Nectar Thorn, Pineapple, And Prickly Pear.). The ability can stack with other hedgehog abilities: New fruit weight = Base weight * (1 + 1 for each Blood Hedgehog + 0.5 for each normal Hedgehog) #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Brown Mouse*** — Mythical Egg — 26.79% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : The Brown Mouse's passive trait allows it to gain ~750 bonus experience every ~8 minutes (making it the best pet to level up fast for unlocking slots) and increases the player's jump height by ~12% #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Caterpillar*** — Bug Egg — 25% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : The Caterpillar has a passive trait which makes all leafy plants grow 1.65x faster, this only applies to plants directly from seeds #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] **Petal Bee*** — Bee Egg — 4% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : Every ~25 minutes it flies to a nearby fruit and pollinates it, applying Pollinated mutation. ~1% chance Flower type fruit stays after harvest #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Giant Ant*** — Bug Egg — 30% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : The Giant Ant's first passive trait gives a 10% chance to duplicate a fruit being harvested (If the crop is mutated, then all the mutations will also be copied and transferred to the crop duplicated by the Giant ant). The more rare a fruit is, the less likely the fruit is to duplicate. The Giant Ant's second passive trait gives an extra ~5% chance for candy type plants to be duplicated when harvested #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Grey Mouse*** — Mythical Egg — 35.71% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : The Grey Mouse's passive trait allows it to gain ~500 bonus experience every ~10 minutes and increase the player's movement speed by ~10% #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Praying Mantis*** — Bug Egg — 4% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : Every ~80 seconds, prays for ~10 seconds, granting ~1.5x variant chance within ~10 studs! (Rainbow and Gold) #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Red Giant Ant*** — Mythical Egg — 8.93% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : The Red Giant Ant's passive trait grants a 5% chance to duplicate crops when harvesting, with lower odds for rarer crops. Fruit-type crops have an extra 5% chance to duplicate #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Red Fox*** — Mythical Egg — 1.79% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : Every ~8 minutes the Red Fox goes to a random player's garden and attempts to duplicate the seed to give to the owner. If succeeded it will attempt to steal a seed again. (only Seed Shop plants) #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Snail*** — Bug Egg — 40% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : The Snail provides an additional 5% chance (Lower chance for rarer plants) for a harvested plant to yield a seed. Its trait can stack with other Snails. It does not boost event seeds #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ]  ***Bear Bee*** — Bee Egg — 5% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : Wanna-Bee: Every 25:00 minutes, goes to a nearby fruit and tries to pollinate it, but its not a bee so it fails and turns it to Honey Glazed instead :( #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Squirrel*** — Mythical Egg — 26.79% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : The Squirrel's trait grants 3% chance to keep a seed when planting, with its chance significantly decreasing as the crop's rarity increases. This trait is currently bugged, and not active. The Squirrel is useless as of now #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Butterfly*** — Anti Bee Egg — 1% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : Every ~30m, flies to a nearby fruit with 5+ mutations, removes all mutations from it and turns it Rainbow! Ignores favorited fruit. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Echo Frog*** — Night Egg — 10% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : Every ~5 minutes, croaks and causes a random nearby plant to advance growth by 24 hours #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Pack Bee*** — Crafting Table — *Mythical* : The Pack Bee increases backpack size for holding fruits, plants, seeds and tools by 25. As it ages, the size increases for how much more the player can store. It does not increase the pet storage size, however #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Mimic Octopus*** — Paradise Egg — 1% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : Mimicry: Every ~20m mimics and copies an ability from another pet and performs its ability #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Hyacinth Macaw*** — Oasis Egg — 5% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : Every 8:00m, 15.63% chance to mutate a nearby fruit, applying the Cloudtouched mutation #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Hamster*** — 15 Summer Coins — *Mythical* : Every ~3 minutes, runs in a hamser wheel and boosts crafting speed by 30.35% for 19s! #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Axolotl*** — Oasis Egg — 15% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : 6.76% chance Summer type fruit stays after collecting! #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Chicken Zombie*** — Join a server before 1.06.0 update — *Mythical* : Every ~25m, ~20% chance a nearby fruit becomes Zombified! Increases egg hatch speed by ~10% #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Firefly*** — Join a game during a test server — *Mythical* : Once ~80 seconds, 3% chance the Firefly will turn a nearby crop shocked #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Blood Kiwi*** — 20,000,000 in Blood Moon Shop — *Mythical* : The Blood Kiwi's passive is to sit above the egg with the highest remaining hatch time, making the egg's hatch time decrease by 45 seconds every minute. It also increases its hatch speed by 20%. If there are no eggs in a player's garden, it does nothing #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Owl*** — complete the last milestone of the Wise Old Owl in the Lunar Glow Event 2025 — *Mythical* : The Owl boosts all active pet XP by around 0.20 XP each second. When aging up, the increase goes up by 0.01 XP #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Golden Bee*** — Unknown — *Mythical* : The Golden Bee has the ability to occasionally pollinate fruit and there is a small chance harvested fruit will turn gold. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Cooked Owl*** — Join a server during the 1.10.0 update — *Mythical* : Every ~15 minutes, ~15.35% chance to cook a nearby fruit. Usually Burnt, but occasionally Cooked. All active pets gain an additional ~0.17 XP/s #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Dragonfly*** — Bug Egg — 1% Hatch Chance — *Divine* : Every ~5 minutes, turns one random fruit Goldm #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Night Owl*** — Night Egg — 4% Hatch Chance — *Divine* : All active pets gain an additional >0.20 XP per second #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Queen Bee*** — Bee Egg — 1% Hatch Chance — *Divine* : Every ~25 Minutes, a nearby fruit becomes magically pollinated, applying the Pollinated mutation. Every ~23 Minutes, the pet with the highest cooldown will refresh its ability #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Raccoon*** — Night Egg — 0.1% Hatch Chance — *Divine* : Every 15 minutes, the Raccoon goes to another player's plot and duplicates their fruit, then gives it to the pet owner. If the same fruit is duped, its value is nerfed by 1% or 0.5% value based on its KG #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Fennec Fox*** — Oasis Egg — 0.5% Hatch Chance — *Divine* : Every 22:12m, goes to another player's random fruit, copies one mutation from it and applies it to a random fruit in the pet owner's garden. The higher a mutation's multiplier is, the rarer it will be for the pet to copy #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Disco Bee*** — Anti Bee Egg — 0.25% Hatch Chance — *Divine* : Every ≈13 minutes, ≈22% chance a nearby fruit becomes Disco! #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Blood Owl*** — 60,000,000 in Blood Moon Shop — *Divine* : All active pets gain an additional >0.50 XP per second. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Bald Eagle*** — 4th of July Event Shop — 7,400,000 sheckles — *Legendary* : Occasionally flaps its wings of freedom and advances hatch time for all eggs in the garden! #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Raptor*** — Dinosaur Egg — 35% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Clever Claws: 2% - 2.5% chance fruit gets Amber mutation after collecting! Rarer plants have a lesser chance to mutate. (+0.0475% mutation chance per level up.) / Raptor Dance: Grants additional 14% - 14.5% increase to player movement speed! (+0.0475% player movement speed per level up.) #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Triceratops*** — Dinosaur Egg — 32.5% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Tri-Horn: Every 3:33m, rams into 3 random plants and advances their growth by 33:33m. Has a 15.18% chance to do it again each time #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Stegosaurus*** — Dinosaur Egg — 28% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Prehistoric Doubling: ~8% chance to duplicate harvested fruit (Rarer crops have lower chance of being duplicated) / Prehistoric Harvester: ~5% extra chance to duplicate harvested prehistoric type plant #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Pterodactyl*** — Dinosaur Egg — 3% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Sky Reptile: Occasionally applies Windstruck mutation to multiple nearby fruits with a chance of replacing with Twisted! / Air Time: Grants additional 14.39% increase to player's jump height #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***Brontosaurus*** — Dinosaur Egg — 1% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : Giant Incubator: Pets hatched from eggs have a 5.2% increase in base size and weight! This size bonus is capped at 30% per egg and does not apply to Brontsauruses. #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [ ] ***T-Rex*** — Dinosaur Egg — 0.5% Hatch Chance — *Divine* : Apex Predator: Every 20:00 min Occasionally eats a random mutation from a fruit in the player's garden then roars and applies that mutation to other fruits (3,51) in the player's. (Doesn't apply to Dawnbound) #GAGpet #project/GrowAGarden 
	- [x] ***Parasaurolophus*** — Primal Egg — 35% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Every 78.71s, goes to the cosmetic crate with the highest open time, and reduces its open time by 81.19sl There is a 25.96% chance for open time reduction to be multiplied by 1.87x
	- [x] ***Iguanodon*** — Primal Egg — 32.5% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : All active Dinosaur type pets gain an additional 0.45 XP/s!
	- [x] ***Pachycephalosaurus*** — Primal Egg — 28% Hatch Chance — *Legendary* : Grants a 6.52% chance to duplicate a crafted item!
	- [ ] ***Dilophosaurus*** — Primal Egg — 3% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : Frilled Reptile - Every ~13:53m opens its frills and spits out venom! The venom produced spreads to 3.30 other random pets, advancing cooldown by 40.82 seconds OR granting 570.48 xp.
	- [ ] ***Ankylosaurus*** — Primal Egg — 1% Hatch Chance — *Mythical* : When another player steals a fruit from the user, grants a 16.35% chance for the user to get the stolen fruit as well!
	- [ ] ***Spinosaurus*** — Primal Egg — 0.5% Hatch Chance — *Divine* : Food Chain: Every ~20 minutes, devours a random mutation from 3 fruits in the user's garden, then roars, spreading those mutations to a random fruit in the garden! Prioritizes favorited fruits.