i want to start this letter by saying i love you. i've always loved you and that has never changed, not even one bit. i'm writing this habang natutulog ka sa tabi ko. i feel so bad kasi nahihirapan ka nanaman makatulog kanina. i tried my best to make you sleep by putting mansanilya sa tiyan mo ulit. i made it extra longer para ma-make sure kong makatulog ka talaga. and you did. pagod na mga mata ko kaiiyak but i still can't sleep. i've been crying kasi i'll be going home tomorrow. mamaya, i mean. it's past 12 na. and sobrang sakit kasi ayokong umalis sa tabi mo, i still want to take care of you until you get better. i want to be there for you everytime may sakit ka. kasi pakiramdam ko andami ko nang pagkukulang sayo. i haven't been the best girlfriend, chai, i'm sorry. i haven't shown up as your partner as often as i could and i'm sorry. you always say i just have to be me, i just have to be present, but from what i can see now, i don't think that's enough. a relationship requires effort, time, attention, devotion, sacrifices, endurance through hardships, and so much more. we've still got a lot to learn. it's not as easy as saying to just be there, kasi it's really not. we'll be downplaying the responsibilities as partners (not as lovers) if we think that way. i mean, how can we live in such a cruel world if we think presence is enough? in an ideal world, it should be, right? but i'm thinking now that's not the case. i've tried to be present for you. god knows how hard i tried. and i think i did well naman a couple of times, i guess. the truth is, i don't keep count. i guess, not anymore. i feel like keeping count of all the "good things" i've done for you defeats the purpose of unconditional love. but if we're thinking in relationship terms, it should be equal, right? a give and take? bonus na lang kapag wala nang kapalit. anyways, lumalayo na ako sa point ko. i'm just rambling. sobrang gulo na ng isip at puso ko sa lahat ng bagay, lalo sa sakit ko, di ko na ishu-sugarcoat yan. di ko na alam kung anong nangyayari, and i bet di mo na rin alam anong nangyayari. pagod na pagod na ako. from what? i don't know. hindi ko alam. basta ang alam ko, kailangan ko ng mahabang pahinga. anong klaseng pahinga? di ko rin alam. but i'll find out once i get home, kasi yun lang nakasanayan kong gawin everytime nangyayari sakin to, alam ko alam mo yan. naooverwhelm ako the longer i stay here. and it's not because di enough presensya mo at pagmamahal mo para humupa kumakabag sa dibdib ko, no, di ganun kadali yun. i wish ganun lang kadali yun. i'm unwell. di ako okay. matagal na akong di okay. alam ko alam mo yun. and i was hoping it's you who'd understand that the most kasi nakita mo kung gano ako nagssuffer nung mga panahong di pa tayo. sinabi mo sakin noon na nakikita mo ako for who i am, for what i've been through, for what i'm going through, for what i'll always be. kanina binabasa ko mga sulat na gawa mo sakin noon, at iyak ako ng iyak. why does it feel like i don't know that person anymore? ever since you got angry at me that night, that night you said some hurtful things to me, and the night i tried to break up with you, something broke inside me. natatakot na ako maging vulnerable sa harap mo. natatakot na ako umiyak, magsabi ng kung anu-ano, or magkamali sa harap mo. natatakot ako sayo. and that's something i didn't know i'd ever say out loud. natatakot na ako masaktan mo. naging sanhi rin sya ng malaking pagod ko ngayon, bukod sa sarili ko. kasi i feel like i have to walk on egg shells everytime i'm with you. my anxiety's always up, my guards are always up. i can't predict what will happen next, i don't feel safe. and i'm saying all these because i wanted to be very honest with you. so take it as it is. i'm not trying to force a breakup this time, nor am i asking you to change things for me so we can both move on from this phase, no. i'm simply being honest with you with my feelings, hopefully not for the last time, and i want to hear what you want to say. mahal na mahal kita, chai, alam ko alam mo yan. pero di ko alam bakit ang bigat ng dibdib ko pag kasama ko sarili ko na kasama ka. i'm really sorry i had to leave. i hope you understand.