2025 Mar 6 (Thur), 00:00 — 
status: #baby 
tags: [[anime]] [[japanese media]] [[fiction]] [[psychological horror]] [[overview]] [[series]] 

### Episode 1
This anime has a really good way of making scenes longer than it actually is. There's also an ominous vibe throughout the episode—like a lingering ambiance that you can't shake off. Here we have a literature-obsessed teenage boy called Kasuga who sees his classmate Saeki as his muse, *femme fatale*. The fruit of the first episode was when Kasuga stole Saeki's P.E. clothes, used. The *Flower of Evil* blooms.
### Episode 2
It has such a realistic way of instilling fear in Kasuga—especially that one little scene that the floor around Kasuga's seat in the classroom sinks into darkness. Kasuga randomly finds out Nakamura saw him do the act—she told him—he ran away, yet he couldn't escape it. He's sitting in so much fear that he is almost forced into a contract with Nakamura—who comes off as vile and malicious. We're not sure if she has an ulterior motive or she's just bored.
### Episode 3
Kasuga and Nakamura starts hanging out after class. How did Nakamura convince Kasuga to form a contract with her? She forced him, stripped him bare naked of his dignity, made him start to belive he's a pervert, like her. He was too afraid to have people find out about their meetups, but Nakamura's slimy hands reaching around him, he stood up for her, making them connected in scrutinizing eyes.
### Episode 4
Saeki suddenly notices Kasuga after he stood up for Nakamura. I'm not sure what Saeki nor Nakamura's motives were but they're both probably messing with him. Before meeting up, Nakamura forced Kasuga to wear Saeki's P.E. clothes under his. Kasuga thought Nakamura likes him, that would be the most obvious answer. Truthfully, Nakamura's just bored—or she's obsessed with this idea of deviants doing perverted things and ruining Kasuga's life. Kasuga's just a teenage boy who has a crush but he's a very unfortunate one at that—wearing stolen school girl's used clothes.
### Episode 5
We're all on edge, like something terrible's about to happen. Kasuga and Saeki goes on a date while Nakamura follows them around. Kasuga nerded out on books and gave Saeki a "***Flowers of Evil***" book by *Baudelaire* from his favorite bookshop. Saeki seems disinterested and Kasuga talks a lot about his interests. Nakamura slowly slithers the idea in Kasuga's head that he's a pervert, truly. Saeki agreed to a "purely platonic relationship" with Kasuga, for some reason—Nakamura's not happy with this. This seemingly heaven for Kasuga intensifies, the more it amplifies, the bigger the drop it would be. And just in cue, Nakamura dumps an entire bucket of water on Kasuga. Of course, revealing what he's wearing inside—naturally, he runs away in panic. Nakamura then promises not to bother their relationship—I'm betting she won't.
### Episode 6
It just dawned on me: Nakamura's planting seeds of flowers of evil in Kasuga's life—to unlock a side of him that's dormant. A moment of ease for Kasuga until Nakamura told Saeki she and Kasuga are friends, and suggested they should all be friends. Kasuga swore he'll change for good for Saeki. Though Nakamura told Kasuga a "secret" from Saeki; that she wants to have sex with him, which only waters the evil seeds in him, fueling his primal desires. Kasuga goes to Saeki's house—just right when Nakamura adds fertilizer to Kasuga's growing boner.
### Episode 7
Raging hormones, Kasuga fully expecting lewd things to happen in Saeki's room. But really, Saeki just wants the truth about Kasuga, who felt cornered—in the end, denying there's a secret. At his peak of being desparate, he begs Nakamura to tell Saeki what he's done and what he's really like, having only Nakamura who knows this, of course, Kasuga clings to Nakamura, exactly as planned. As a final act, Nakamura commands Kasuga to write his dirty deeds in the classroom blackboard. He refuses, and Nakamura flew into a rage, saying he's just like everyone else; boring, fake, **normal**. Kasuga, realizing that's not the truth and he feels himself different, he does what Nakamura wants, or even what HE want all along—they surrendered, reckless abandon. Everyone is shit and nothing matters, so let's wreck the classroom and tell everyone that we're sick perverts. This is a major breakthrough in both of their lives; Nakamura finally enjoying existence for its authenticity, and Kasuga finally breaking out of his walls.
