status: #adult 
tags: [[letter]] [[friendship]]

Hey, are you still there? I know you are, but I also know you've been avoiding me.. and my group of ~~your~~ friends, also. Have you been well? How are you? Do you have people to talk to now? The least I see you talk to people is with Erika and Faria. And also that little guy.. what's his name? Justin? Yeah, him. You guys get along well. It's been what.. 2 or 3 weeks? I don't know but it feels like forever. Is it because of what I've said that time? I've hurt you, didn't I? When you said, "Things are going well with Britney." I replied, "Should I be happy with that?" The moment that left my mouth, I immediately felt awful and I regretted it. I still remember the look on your face, the shock and hurt feeling and how my stomach twisted with guilt. I tried explaining myself, but failed. You didn't let me explain and left. And I can't even explain myself. How did that even manage to get out of my mouth? Why did I even say that? How dare I hurt your feelings? To say I'm jealous isn't even close to accurate. I should be happy for you, and I am happy, that you're finally getting ahold of your life and a girl you really like. You're brave and strong, you've *become* brave, strong, and confident. No more was the shy, socially decepted and dependent Jaime I know. You've grown. And I'm feeling sick to the bones thinking that by the time you can be on your own, you'll not be needing me anymore. You'll leave me and not look behind. I'm a selfish bitch and I regret even feeling or thinking that. But maybe it's vice-versa? Does it look like I'm forgetting you? Because no, absolutely not. Never in a million years. I may have other friends, we might meet other people and go to different schools, but you will always hold a special place in my heart that no one could ever fill but you. You're my main man, my sidekick, my nigga, my asian kid, my best friend. You're important to me. Sure, we can't relate sometimes, we don't understand each other sometimes and we don't know everything about each other, but you're very important to me. I'm a bad friend, I already know that. I've been neglecting you, ignoring you, sometimes don't genuinely care about what you think, insensitive towards you and your feelings, I've hurt you before, rejected you, said mean things to you, even made you cry... and I just won't apologize. God, a sorry can't even take back all the pain I inflicted on you but how much I'd take back everything I did and said because it's all kicking to me like karma. I don't know if you'll ever forgive me but you mean so much to me. I always think we would grow old together, we will be inseparable. But I don't know now. I want you so much to be a part of my future. But we're slowly drifting apart, and you're slowly slipping away from my grasp. I'm a jerk to you. Hell, I'm a jerk to everyone I've ever loved and it sucks heing me. I push everyone away, even you. I miss you, you know that? Call me drama queen but I'm crying while I'm writing this. All these years, almost 5 yesrs of on and off friendship, I'm asking you... do you still want to be part of my life? Even if I'm a jerk to you sometimes? A complete dickhead, jack-ass, mean bitch, and I can't promise that I'll change that. I'm giving you the opportunity to open the door, walk out and never look back because I don't want you stuck in a friendship that won't ever make you happy and all I wish for you is happiness. I love you and I miss you so bad, it hurts. I took you for granted, our fire is dying and I am to blame for that. You're a good person, despite you saying you're not. I can see it in you and how kind your heart is. I already feel ashamed of even calling you my friend, but I'm gonna say this now... I wish you all the best, my friend.