status: #child 
tags: [[book]] [[review]] [[digital minimalism]] [[technology]] [[internet]] 

this book made me confront my current relationship with social media, the internet, and technology in general. as early as elementary, i've been exposed to uninhibited usage of computer and digital tools. they didn't serve as mere tools anymore, but rather, they have been the source of addiction and a neglect of my lifestyle. i was notorious for skipping classes throughout my school years all because i wanted to spend more time on the internet- playing computer games, watching anime and porn, browsing my social media feeds-wasting the majority of my time. but could i really say those were just wastes of time or am i just looking back to it in regret? if i didn't have access to the internet and the computer when i was a kid, i probably wouldn't be as literate and fluent in the english language as i am right now. i wouldn't be me right at this moment. digital minimalism philosophizes the idea that we as humans fundamentally don't really need this much access to technological innovations, that we can live without it or with as minimal usage as possible. it tells us that our attention spans are gloriously fucked because the companies responsible for it intended to do so. while some parts of it may be true and can be clearly observed as time passes by, we can't deny how much convenience these innovations gave us in this century alone. we're almost basically becoming (lazy) gods, probably the next step to human evolution. anyways, i'm getting too far off from what i originally was planning to say but what i wanted to say was, for most of my life, i've been connected to the wired net-some effects were good, some were bad. and i haven't concluded that internet = bad, but i have made concrete decisions wherein i disentangled myself from the shackles of social media addiction-i deleted my personal facebook, twitter, and instagram accounts. i figured out which parts were bad and which were worth bringing along with me in my life. sure, there's the illusion of being connected to people with these applications, but at one point, they were beneficial-at one point. i could choose to live a life without them, and while reading this, i did think about totally going off the grid, almost being like a hermit. or i could choose to integrate some parts of it in my life and turn away from all the things that destroys my lifestyle. i think it's all a matter of controlled usage, self-discipline and hardcore integrated philosophy or principle that i have to strictly live by. we don't necessarily have to go caveman mode and reject technology because that's plain stupid and i don't think this book is propagandizing that-that's what's good about it. it just forces you to think about how you use the internet and consume media, and it did make me think, really think. even though i've been thinking for a long time now about this.