status: #adult 
tags: [[letter]] [[chai]]

what happened that night, i still don't know why i did what i did. all i know was that i liked kissing you because your lips felt so soft, i liked holding your hand because your hand felt soft too, i liked staring at you but you hated it so i always end up staring at nothing while i listen to you talk. i like listening to you talk, i could listen for hours. although sometimes i get distracted because i'd think of kissing you again. i've never felt these things before. i've never let any of my ex-girlfriends kiss me or hold me or touch me because i hated it. but to you, it's totally different. i know i can't fall for you. but i know what i feel for you is not purely platonic. all i want right now is to run away again but i don't want to fuck this up. i don't want to push you away further, even though my instinct tells me to. i want to stop treating you so horribly because you don't deserve it. i was just being that way so i wouldn't get hurt too badly, if you decide to leave me, too. each and every one of my actions and words are the exact opposite of what i feel, except when i kissed you and touched you. i keep telling myself i'm like this because of everything that's happened to me—how everything piled up and now i'm this; pushing people away and being isolated. i was playing the victim because it's easier to be that way than facing my issues head-on. it's easier to self-sabotage than accept reality. it's easier to hate and blame myself than allow myself to be loved, feel love, and accept appreciation. because if i finally stood up, and allowed myself to be human again, i'm afraid no one will be there to catch me if i fell again, if i get hurt again. i'm a coward. i'm so fucking terrified right now. but when you're here, knowing you're with me, i feel like i can allow myself to feel what i have to feel. like i don't have to be scared, only if i let you in. all of the things that has happened to me, all the things i don't blame anyone for, instead i take all of them because i thought i deserve it. but when you hugged me, it made me think maybe i didn't deserve any of them. maybe i'm allowed to be angry, to cry and be sad. all the things i've done, all those things that i deem unacceptable and unforgivable, believing that flaunting them would keep people away from me, so that i won't get hurt if anyone came too close. maybe i'm not a basket-case. perhaps i just needed someone to be there for me again, for me to believe i deserve love i've never allowed myself to feel anymore. i still don't know what i feel for you, chai. i can't say for sure that i love you. maybe it'll take time for me to understand my feelings better. but there's one thing i'm sure of; i wanted to kiss you. not out of lust, not out of loneliness or attention, or the desire to move on from my ex (i didn't even think of her at all). i really wanted to kiss you. it's slowly dawning on me that kissing you that night was me dipping my toes on the water again, peeking out from the hole i've been in for the past couple of years—like i was slowly giving myself permission to feel something, something pure and gentle—because that's what you are. it wasn't just about any feelings of romance, sexual desire, or even platonic friendship. i just know it's something more than that. it was like the build-up to a catharsis. it's something i can't keep avoiding because i don't want to hurt you. i don't want you to feel like i don't respect you or value you. i should really stop acting like a man-child asshole around you because really, that's not me.