status: #child 
tags: [[new/3.0 — tags/chai]] [[love]] [[humanity]] [[essay]] [[prompts]] 

**prompt: how will you describe love? what do you think is love or what is love for you? how will you explain it?

well, it might have been a rookie mistake to think of love as this perfectly molded, one-shape-fit-for-all kind of concrete thing that everyone receives as a readily manufactured energy in a can given to them at the very beginning of their life, even before their consciousness arrives on earth. quite a dumb mistake, i know. i've even agonized over it for god knows how long. my entire life, wasted over questioning its essence, asking why i couldn't see nor feel it anywhere in my body—if it could even be felt on a human body—and why everyone seemingly just knows what it is. 'can it be eaten?' says my toddler self. 'what even is it?' says my prepubescent self. 'i don't care about it,' says my adolescent self. 'why can't i understand it?' says my teenage self. 'will i ever know love?' says my young adult self. and then there's the me now: 'idiot. it's always been there.'

do you know that story about the old beggar sitting on a box asking for a spare change from a random man on the street. the man asked what was inside the box. the beggar said he didn't know; it was just a box and it's always been there, there's nothing inside. the man told the beggar to check inside—behold, the box was filled with gold all along! quite a simplistic way to put it, and it almost sounds like some clickbait story on a facebook post that your aunt or uncle shared to your family's groupchat, but whatever! the point is, it was pointless to keep searching for it, AND GIVE UP ON IT AT SOME POINT, when all along it was, and is, always there. from the cracks that separates the pavements, the dust that accumulates inside it, and the little green plant that sprouts between those that shouts love. it is all the people passing by on the street, with their own stories of hurt, sorrow, triumph, joy, frustration, and love. and love. and love. it is the vendors preparing for the day ahead, meticulously choosing the best of their products so that everyone who buys will receive the utmost quality of service and goods, because the best kind of something bought is always from love. it is all those dogs being brought outside by their owners to be walked in the morning breeze, and all the animals in all their respective wholesome houses, fed, cared for, and loved. it is the quiet afternoons coated in orange, pink, and purple, sitting on dried grass, playing the acoustic guitar until the sun goes down completely, signaling another roundabout of love. it is the trains operating in uniform manner, delivering packs of love-bound humans to and fro, wherever the wind takes them as they are destined to be so. it is the winding down of the day and the people are all racing to get home to their families, and a good meal in their mind. it is the city lights flashing by as they all watch from the car ride home's window, and the calm steady breathing they take because they know, despite all odds, they still belong somewhere. it is in the arms of another human being, with shared sufferings and solemn understandings, the kind of graceful surrender, skin to skin, cheek to cheek, souls interwoven as close as a tight helix rope. it is in the eyes of a newborn child, staring into the eyes of its dear mother, as if saying hello for the very first time. it is woven in every thread of music ever made by mankind, seamlessly created out of pure passion and devotion, just different forms of love, into an infinite amount of sound that can ever reverberate inside the confines of the earth's walls. it is spoken in every word that's ever uttered in existence, in all its countless forms, from one person to another, from another person to the entire population—every letter, every syllable—all containing fibers of love. it is in every bite of a carefully prepared meal, heated over the embers of a flame which started the revolution of human civilization, concocted to have a combination of flavors harmonizing inside a fully-formed digestive system. it is also the sunlight that sheds on all the colored leaves which makes it grow and gives it warmth, like it does with all of the photosynthetic beings spread across the world, like love would do. it is the shared mutualism between the trees and animals which enables them to live and prosper in harmony—not a single word spoken, just a language made out of love. it is the water that's been there since the start of the planet, cycling from evaporation to precipitation, making living, a one-in-a-million probability among all universes, possible, because it knows that what it does is out of love, always. it is in every element that forms the compounds of all the energies floating around in entropy and enthalpy, every molecule, every atom, that builds every known being, non-being and god-being in all of eternity. the stars, the comets, the asteroids, the planets and its moons, the galaxies, the black holes, wormholes, supernovae, nebulae. it is what started life and it is what will end life—the birth and death—from the big bang and the big crunch or the heat death, all is simply love. 

i could go on and on about describing this beautiful thing, and it will take me more than a millennia to even attempt to finish describing what love is. love is both subjective and objective, because not only is it intrapersonal and micro, it is also interpersonal and in a macro scale. it is the yin and yang, the black and white—and yet, it is the circle and it is the entire color spectrum. it is both the opposite and the same. if, on a very humanistic and simplistic way, i am asked to tell you what i think love is, my only answer is this: everything. it cannot be encapsulated into a single perfectly molded, one-shape-fit-for-all kind of concrete thing. it is not something that everyone receives as a readily manufactured energy in a can given to them at the very beginning of their life, even before their consciousness arrives on earth. because it is everything. it is in everything, in the before and after, and especially in the moment—it can even transcend time. it never ends, because it is the end itself. it never began, because it is the beginning itself. i was never meant to find love because it's not something to be found. i can only open my eyes and see it, accept it and surrender to it, to know, in my own way, what it really means in all its purest essence.**
