tags: [[letter]] [[chai]]

i've told you i've been putting off saying this mainly because this has been a sensitive topic to you. you know how you've mentioned that you've always been an object of lust to men, or you've always felt like it. when the night happened when we did things, i've told you already that it wasn't out of lust at all—i still stand by what i said. that night was the moment i started to accept feelings for you, and what happened was the result of that. tapos, remember when you called me at 4 AM last tuesday? you just told me how your day went and i listened to you talk for an hour. and i thought at that moment how much i adored you, how kind of in love i was even when you're just talking, how comfortable and vulnerable i can be with you—it felt like my heart was bursting. when we ended the call, i laid in bed trying to sleep, still smiling and still thinking of you—then it happened; i was lying there with my eyes closed and i suddenly imagined how much i'd love the idea of being more intimate with you, how much i'd love the idea of being even more closer to you in a way that i'd want to make you feel good in all ways possible. at first, it made me reassess my sexual identity kasi i've never felt this way in my entire life, i've told you this. i didn't even feel this way when i first saw you or when we got closer as friends or when that night happened. i didn't think of you in that way at all. i never felt sexually attracted to anyone ever. i've never imagined myself being intimate with anyone at all and i have never allowed anyone to get that close to me, until now. i knew i was asexual, until now. and it felt like the world i've always known was actually not the world for me, and that scared me. then it dawned on me just how inappropriate my thoughts were. i felt so fucking guilty that i even had those thoughts about you and i'm scared to say those out loud because i don't want you to feel like you're just another object of lust to me because you're absolutely not. i almost cried myself to sleep at one point thinking about it and i wanted to repress any sexual feelings for you forever because i just don't want you to feel so disrespected just because i had these thoughts and feelings. i just want you to know that these sexual feelings stems from all the genuine love i have for you and i will never see you as something i can gain pleasure from. i won't ever take advantage of you in that way. but i'm so sorry if this changes things now and i understand if you're now uncomfortable to even talk to me.