tags: [[letter]] [[chai]]

i can't help but to always cry whenever you ask me "what if things won't work?". it deeply saddens me to think that that's even a possibility but it also fills me with fear that maybe i'm totally wrong with my neverending hope that i think everything will work out in the end because it might be doing the opposite of what i wanted to happen; it might suffocate you because i'll keep clinging onto you, never thinking of the possibility that we'll ever break up. i'm so afraid that i'll say and do the wrong things which will make you pull away from me that i'd end up paralyzed and just say nothing instead. i'm so afraid to think that you will eventually lose the trust and confidence that we will always work things out, and then you'll eventually leave me, because you definitely considered it before already. i'm so afraid that i will be the only one desperately grasping and holding on, much like all the relationships i've ever had, because i know to myself i'll never ever leave you and break up with you, even if things get impossibly rough. i can't ever think of a situation that requires us breaking up, i just can't—that is unless you're not happy with us or me anymore and that you want or need to get away. maybe that's foolish of me. maybe it's a weakness. maybe that's only my attachment speaking. maybe it's a toxic mindset that'll actually drive us further apart. or maybe that's the neverending blind hope i always carry with me. perhaps i just want things to be certain and i want to hear from you that you'll never leave me. is that selfish?

if we needed space apart for the time being yet not break up, i would understand that, but i think that shouldn't be with a totality or ultimatum. 

i also thought about what you said when you asked how will things be different if i needed time alone now to that in the future where we're living together. i thought about my answer, too. i told you things would be different because by that time i would've known how to handle it better compared to now that i'm still learning how to navigate our relationship. i also told you when you're here with my family i want to give you all my attention because i don't want you to feel left out or that i'm choosing other things over you. it also all boils down to how i feel intensely guilty for wanting time alone to do my own things because i'm afraid you'd feel like i'm not giving you enough attention that you need and that you'd blame yourself for having needs and so you'd break up with me because of that—and i don't ever want that, so i'm doing what i can for that to not happen, which i'm not even sure if i'm doing it right or i'm just fucking things up further. and just to clarify, it's NOT because you're "too much", it's NOT your fault, it's just my own feelings of inadequacy, like i feel like i won't be enough for you. 

i'm telling you all these things not to make you feel bad, but it's just me being completely honest and vulnerable about what i feel, and i want to find a common ground where we'd both agree, clear things up, and establish security, to work things out, and not choose the exit as soon as discomfort arises like this. i'm so sorry for not being able to talk properly on the call, i was just overwhelmed by my feelings of sadness that i couldn't think of things to say, and that i was afraid to say something wrong again.