tags: [[letter]] [[chai]] [[love]]

the past 10 days especially have been nothing but magical to my eyes and my heart—only because i'm with you. i felt even closer to you in all ways possible. i apologize if i couldn't stop staring at you, it's because you're the most beautiful person i've ever met and you make me the happiest. i'm probably the most forgetful person in the world and yet all the little moments we shared and the smallest details will be forever engraved in my mind—the almost tasteless coffee every morning with the largest block of ice that we share in your red cooler, the sweet smell of your skin after showering, the glitters that stick to my face and arms when you kiss me, my hands running through your hair tirelessly until you fall asleep, your cluttered shelves of random memorabilia that you hold dear, the sound of your uncontrollable laughter to the point of finding it hard to breathe, you crying at almost every film we watched because you're the most fragile and soft-hearted person i know, the names we thought of for our kids in the future, instantly waking up every single moment you whisper you love me. remember when i randomly smiled at one point and said i'm excited for what's to come for us in the future, and that i'm excited to live through every moment, in all the good times and bad times? i meant every word i said. i can see us browsing for furniture at the mall for our house, with you demanding everything to be pink, and me giving in because i love you. i can see us crying like children together because life can be cruel, and yet we will manage, because we're together and i love you. i want you to know that i live life better now because i have you in it. i choose this life because i choose to love you, and i fully believe this is the best decision i've ever made. life is always worth living because i am with you. it's almost like my life's in 5 dimensions of color because i know you love me and i love you. there's no such thing as loving too much. your love runs so deep and endlessly, like a long river flowing to an ocean. i accept this love with the entirety of my being. together, we are the spiral star—we will go on and on, our love radiating energy and warmth, and the rays signifying all the paths we chose in different universes—all those paths still resulting in our love that we share together.