tags: [[letter]] [[chai]]

i'm sorry it took so long to respond. i was trying to calm myself down because i was becoming too anxious to even read your messages. 

when i said "pangit na pakiramdam ng selos" i think it's more about my past issues. all the girls i've liked before, there's always ALWAYS some guy involved. most of the time they pick the guy over me. i've already told u about that one time na my ex (the korean girl) cheated on me with her ex-boyfriend and sobrang nasira ako non. then there's another girl i was crazy about, she flirted with me too, then ended up telling me she's straight then got together with the guy she told me was just a friend. and there's also ESPECIALLY this one time, my other ex (the last one) posted photos on her story where she was with the guy na pinagseselosan ko. that completely tore my world apart that i had to cut her and our friend group off, and completely isolate myself. i know i didn't have the right to even feel jealous that time kasi we're not together anymore that time (but we still talk privately and i still had massive feelings of obsession towards her) pero sobrang lala ng epekto sakin nung nangyari talaga na parang dala ko parin yon for more than a year, until i talked to the guy and found out may girlfriend na pala sya that time. (haha putangina nag-trauma dump.) anyways, gusto ko lang ibigay yung context bakit sinasabi ko na "pangit na pakiramdam ng selos" because dahil sa selos ko, ako yung nasisira. tsaka ayoko siyang maramdaman kasi i feel like it's not a natural feeling and it ties to the feeling of extreme unhealthy attachment to someone.  

it's not that i'm doubting you right now, it's just that it's hard to trust again. just,,, please if you ever want to leave and be with a guy, or just catch feelings with a guy, just tell me. tell me straight away so i can at least prepare myself. 

anyways, i'm glad we're talking about this. your words made me feel at ease and has lessened the baggage on my shoulders. i'm sorry it took really long to reply, i wanted to cry out of fear of knowing what u had to say. earlier, all i can think about is avoiding u and running away again, which is really stupid because i know that never did me any good, but i just swallowed my fear because i really don't want to fuck this up by ignoring my feelings again. i want to be with you. i'm tired of depriving myself of what a healthy relationship is really like and i'd be lying if i said i haven't been wanting it at all. i don't want to accept that i'm just doomed to be fucked countless times and never see the light of day for the rest of my life. you're helping me realize that i don't have to accept that outcome and that maybe i do deserve to feel good things, too. 

  

and you're absolutely right. even if we both feel the same, it's better to let it simmer in our hearts and minds to complete certainty before diving in head first. i'm probably just letting my anxiety take over me like always. i really like you, chai, and it's terrifying. but i'm going to do my best not to run away this time, and let myself feel. even if it's hard, even if it takes all of me to finally accept it, i'll believe in the you that believes in me and i hope i would eventually, too.