tags: [[letter]] [[chai]]

andami kong gusto sabihin pero it's okay if di mo na'to replyan at all, gusto ko lang sabihin sayo 'tong mga 'to. what happened today has severely weighed on your heart, and i'm so so sorry. i'm so sorry that everything has built up and piled up and it just got dumped on you so aggressively this day with your mom suddenly and unexpectedly arriving at our house, decided to be her usual self and shame you, made you become the villain in her story, in front of my parents. i saw how you crumbled. i saw how your mom never ever let you finish speaking and has even threatened you right in front of me and basically called you worthless. and i was so fucking helpless about it all—stood there in all my adrenaline and nanghihina't nanginginig na rin—that i just wanted to cry beside you. i felt so weak in the knees but i knew i had to stay strong, as well, for you and for us. all i could do was hug you and hold you and wish at that moment to relieve you of all the pain in the world and from all the suffering you dealt at the hands of the people who you deemed closest to you. 

please never apologize for whatever you think you did wrong regarding me and my family. i told you; hindi ka naging sagabal dito, hindi ka nakakabulabog, hindi ka kahiya-hiya—WALA KA'NG KASALANAN. kung iniisip mo man na kahiya-hiya ginawa ng mama mo, tama ka, pero hindi mo na kasalanan yon kasi hindi naman ikaw ang mama mo. and kung ipinipinta ka man nya as masamang tao sa parents ko, well, hindi sya naging successful kasi sila mama mismo lumapit saken para tanungin kung ano ba talaga nararamdaman mo para maintindihan nila ng maayos. please, you don't have to defend your name in this house kasi my parents and cj understand. even if not to a very satisfactory level sa ngayon, they are all trying to their best to understand the situation and have chosen to deal with this in a manner na hindi mauuwi sa panget na away. please believe me and trust me when i say this, especially after what happened today, na parte ka na ng pamilya, whether you like it or not—even my mom has told you so diba. my family cares about you now, and sana tanggapin mo yung fact na yon at lagi mong tandaan. 

i understand my mom when she said she understood your mom's actions regarding your whereabouts today. if she was your mom, she'd probably do the same. pero that doesn't mean dinidisregard nya na totoong kulay ng mama mo at lahat ng nagawa nyang mali sayo, kasi masyado pang marami yon para i-unpack for now. i believe gusto lang i-pacify muna ni mama yung mama mo bago dumating sa point na mas masira pa relasyon nyo, AT pakikitungo ng mama mo saamin. i understand my dad when he said regardless if magbabago mama mo or hinde, you WILL have to find ways to deal with it better. he's not saying na kalimutan mo na lahat ng nararamdaman mo, i think he meant that you'd have to learn how to not let it affect you much to the point na it could bring you to depression and suicide. that's why he mentioned that if this triggers you to think negatively; to feel so weak that you don't know what to do anymore, he reminded me to take care of you and be there for you to get professional help if things get worse kasi he understands how stressful these things get. and EVEN IF, dumating sa point na gusto mo na talaga i-cut off mom mo or family mo, he reminded me to remind you to never neglect your studies right now and to work harder, kasi that's the only way to be finally free. sobrang hirap netong advice na'to pero i'm afraid this is the best route to take sa ngayon. my dad offered you our home as a place of refuge. he told me kung dito ka masaya, you're allowed to stay here for as long as you like, basta wag mo lang pababayaan pag-aaral mo.   

to tell you the truth, chai (and i know obvious naman kanina) i was so helpless sa lahat ng nangyayare. sobrang bago sakin lahat na'ng to and i have absolutely no fucking idea how to deal with this shit—i can't even find the proper words to comfort you. i was hurting so bad seeing you cry like that, seeing how you have no idea who to turn to, no idea where to go, no one to be there for you. pero, in all my surprise, i NEVER, EVEN ONCE, thought of running away sa'yo, sa sitwasyon na'to, at sa pagpapaintindi sa pamilya ko about sa'yo. the entire time ikaw lang iniisip ko at kung paano ko ba maiibsan yung lahat ng sakit na nararamdaman mo. iniisip ko kung ano ba'ng magagawa ko para mailayo kita sa lahat ng pasakit sa buhay mo. and i was filled with so much conviction—that i have to work even harder, to deal with things better, to talk even louder, to be an ACTUAL responsible human being for once in my life—kasi i realized how much i love you, how much i'd do everything for you, and how much i want to love you even more now, especially after today. i WANT to be the one na andyan para sayo sa mga panahon na feeling mo nag-iisa ka na lang. i WANT to be the light na makikita mo sa gitna ng mga kamalasan na nangyayari sa buong buhay mo. i WANT to be stronger for you, for us, kasi i love you so much—mahal kita sobra, chai. and i want you to be able to rely on me ALWAYS. wala akong pakielam kung "sobrang bilis" man ng nararamdaman ko at kahit recently lang tayo naging "tayo" talaga—alam ko sa sarili ko na mahal kita ngayon at gagawin ko lahat in my power para ipakita sayo yon. i understand very much how heavy and how hopeless and helpless and weak you feel right now and how you can't seem to find the strength to hold onto anything at all. i still don't know the best solution to this entire problem kasi marami pa tayong factors na kailangan i-consider but i want you to remember na kahit anong mangyari, i told you andito lang ako. hinding-hindi kita iiwan. please kumapit ka saakin. please i want you to hold onto me for strength sa mga panahong ganito. don't ever lose hope on yourself kasi i'll never lose hope sa'yo. kung hindi ka naniniwala sa sarili mo, paniwalaan mo yung ako na naniniwala sayo ngayon. i love you, chai. pagsubok lang 'to, marami pa'ng magiging ganto sa buhay natin, and please believe me that it won't always be like this—marami pa'ng pwedeng mangyari; maganda man or pangit. and i'll be here with you every step of the way. wala ka'ng choice, di talaga ako mawawala sa buhay mo ngayon. i hope with all my heart that you'd let me.