tags: [[letter]] [[chai]] [[heartbreak]] [[love]] [[relationship]]

I have so much to say, but I'll try my best to express everything that is necessary for this situation. Firstly, I apologize for being distant and unavailable and that we cannot talk about things we should be handling. I understand that my action reflected on how things ended up this way and how I wasn't able to tell you everything that I carry. I still have no exact words to describe all of them, but there is one thing I am sure of: I was scared. I was so scared to bring you pain; I was scared of sabotaging everything inside our relationship; I was scared of hurting you; I was scared that everything wouldn't be enough to make you feel I love you. Whenever I notice when you don't feel like yourself, that sometimes you don't feel anything somehow, it kind of hurts me too. I am scared that my love couldn't reach you. I am scared that you also cannot feel anything from me. Although I understand your situation regarding that, some part of it still lingers in my mind that eventually you'll find it hard to see me too when all I want to do is love you and make you feel you're not alone. I was scared that I could hurt you when I know pain is inevitable and loving someone comes with that. I was scared that I couldn't be there for you when you needed me because I was scared if that made sense. It bothers me that I could drift away from you, that maybe I don't understand you, that maybe I shouldn't be hurt because I know you will never hurt me on purpose, that it wasn't because you can control when you feel that way. I was scared. I was so scared that I couldn't love you properly that I was hurting you unintentionally. I wanted to run away, but I never wanted to leave you. I was scared that maybe you'd be the one to leave when I hurt you. I thought it'd be better if I could let you go and have your peace that maybe I am adding to some things you feel. Maybe I am hurt, but what hurts me the most is knowing that I could hurt you when I always want to give you all the care and love I have within me. And by that, I also realized maybe I just needed you more too; maybe it was all rooted in the feeling that I just always wanted to be close to you, that maybe if I felt you closer, I wouldn't feel this way. that maybe I just want more of you closer to me whenever I am afraid that there'll be a possibility that we cannot feel each other. And whenever I feel that way too, that's when I somehow sabotage the relationship; I find a way to be away because I was scared because I needed you. because I needed to know you feel everything I make you feel that I was scared to not reach you. I never wanted to part ways with you; it was never my choice because I wanted to, but I feel like it would be the better choice so that it doesn't happen every time and it does not repeat because I know it's hurting you too whenever I try to stray away from you, and it hurts me too to see you ask for me whenever I was scared to feel you. If letting you go means that I could not hurt you more if it continues to be this way, I would choose that rather than see you with me in pain. I love you so much that I always wanted to be perfect; I wanted to be that one person to save you from everything so that when it doesn't go my way, I feel like my love can't reach you. You are everything I have and love, and I wish you knew that maybe I just wanted to be held more tightly. I was too dependent on you; I was too all over you, and it felt like it's wrong because I cannot be away from you that I decided to just be away completely. I was scared to tell you; I was scared to ask you to be with me whenever I feel this way because it's not that easy; I was so scared to demand that it wouldn't make sense. It felt like I wasn't made for love—to love you—to feel the purest form of love you give me because I feel this way. I was so scared to not love you fully because you deserve all of it, and I feel like I am not deserving of you in any way; you're too good for me. None of the words could ever express what I feel for you, and I don't think there would be enough language to tell you I love you with my whole being. I love you, and I wish I said it often.

The day we decided to end things, I still wasn't sure what I was saying, knowing that I was also drunk, but I realized something when I woke up from my sleep. Maybe you're right; maybe I shouldn't be scared because you're there; I just wanted too much. You've always been there, and I feel like we're both absent. Then I realized maybe I was really wrong. Yet you've already removed me from everything when I never would've wanted that to happen. I never would want to lose connections with you despite everything. I want a part of you within me, a part of you that I could remember and look onto whenever I miss you because I never wanted to let you go. I never would've wanted you to see me with anyone else because I could never love anyone else after you. I was hurt; it caused me pain, and I hated your action, but yet I understand that you couldn't do anything. I was hurt, and out of it I said something I never wanted to say and tell you because I was never that way to you. I was emotional, I was hurt, and I understand that you do too. It felt like I could be easily removed from your memories when I cannot live without thinking of you. Those moments were the most vulnerable place I was in. It all adds up when I just wanted to see you, and I may sound selfish for wanting you all to myself the day we planned to see each other. I waited a week to see you without knowing you already have another plan for that day that we'll just add the plan of us to meet, when all I want to do is see you and spend the whole day with you because it doesn't matter if you need rest while we're together, it doesn't matter where we are, everything doesn't matter when I am with you because I wanted to see you. I felt bad telling you not to go; that's why I suggested that you move what we have planned, but I didn't think that it'd hurt me when you told me you agreed, but I cannot say something against it because I was the one who suggested it, but I wish you never agreed. I would leave anything for you if you really want to see me, but it hurts when you can't do the same. If you wanted to see me, why did you let our date be moved? I was the first one who asked to see you; I was your girlfriend, I was first. There were so many things I wanted to tell you, there are so many things I want to do with you especially to spend time with you. And I somehow did not like what you did there. 

I asked you the second time if you're available yet you're still not; I need you the most that time. I've wanted to talk about everything; I never felt so important to you. I would risk my life to just see you, but I never felt that way from you. I did not care after that; I do not have the say; I wasn't your girlfriend, and I do not have authority regarding your life. But I was really fed up with anger when I saw your tweet. I have never felt so much anger ever in my life after that. I felt disgusted with what I've read. You associate yourself with people like that? You just got out of a relationship, then people are matching you with another person? Who's sane person would've done that? I was mad, and maybe I am still. It felt like I was in a completely dark room filled with cold water, and I am suffocating. I needed you, and you chose that, and that thing happened. What do you expect me to feel about that? I was hurt, I was angry, and I did say things I shouldn't have said. I was sad; it felt like you were never there, that you've never been my girlfriend. Maybe you also cherish your life too much, and I want to be close to you even for a little moment, but you weren't there. 

I don't know if everything is making sense now, but this is all I can say. I was hurt, and I know you are too, and we never give ourselves time to take care of this relationship. I was so scared to caress you with love yet I'd offer my life to you, but I couldn't see it better now after reading that. Maybe we love too much that we both cannot handle it. I know for sure I love you, that it will always pain me to not have you here, and that I apologize if I can't be holding you now. As much as I would want, I feel like we're too far away now from each other. I wanted to say sorry for everything—for not being able to talk to you properly, for not being there when you needed me too, for making you wait. Sorry if I cannot fully express my love for you. I am sorry if I was too scared to try to fix things for us even though I wanted to.

I am trying my best to compose this in a way you can understand, but I still feel like words in this message could never do justice to what I feel. I've always wanted to talk to you personally, but I know it wouldn't be possible now as much as we'll want.

I'll always miss you more every day. I love you with my whole being. I am sorry for everything. Live your life; I've always been fascinated by how amazing you are. I'll root for you still, wherever you are. I am glad we shared the same moment of things. I'll still breathe the same air as yours; we'll still have a moment of connection. 

I am grateful for your existence. I apologize for being hostile towards you. I actually don't regret being with you. I was trying to be all angry. I still carry you here inside my heart, in your special place; you'll always be here. Thank you for everything, Raven. I love you, and I'll always remember you and how it felt to share love that is so pure. 

You don't have to reply to this. I couldn't live knowing we never had a talk and I never told you what I feel. You take care of yourself always. 

--

thank you for giving me the chance to hear your side. i don't think i could've lived on peacefully if the last thing i hear from you is that you don't ever want to talk to me or see me ever again. i was ready to actually ruin my life, until you messaged me.   

i never felt like your love couldn't reach me. there's no time in my entire duration of meeting you that i didn't feel your love. you were always there, even at days i don't feel like myself, but especially when i'm at my best. i never felt alone. i never felt lonely. i never felt like dying and wanting to kill myself at all anymore. i could never leave you. i could never not feel our love and your love for me. you've always been enough to me and so much more. you didn't have to be perfect at all, i just wanted you by my side and that was all that mattered to me. i'm so sorry i wasn't there when you needed me the most. i'm so sorry i couldn't see how much you're hurting because of my decisions. i wanted to spend time with you that weekend too, so bad, but it felt like you've already decided to not see me that weekend so i didn't push it anymore because i was too hurt and disappointed, too. i would've done everything in my power just to see you, i would've skipped on our night out with my workmates, but you insisted not to see me and have our plans moved. yet i still believed in your words that we can meet at another time, and i took comfort from the fact that we'll still see each other anyways. i refused the second time you wanted to meet because i was too heartbroken, i wouldn't know what i'd do once i see you, i'm hurting too much so i needed time to compose myself. and those people trying to set me up with other women? they're people i've only met for 3 weeks. they're co-workers, barely friends. they don't know me, they don't know who you are and what we have, and they don't have enough respect for me that they had to set me up even after the breakup. they're just noise around me, and they didn't matter at all. i'm sorry you had to see that tweet. i'm so sorry that it caused you so much pain and anger, you didn't deserve to feel that way at all. i just want you to know that everything they say and do doesn't matter to me because you're all that matters to me. there's no such thing as loving too much, i hope you remember that. each and everyone of us is capable of loving others that could transcend matter and time, including you and me. what we had, and have, is the most beautiful thing in existence, and i wouldn't trade it for anything else. what happened between us, is still happening in another timeline, and it will continue on until the end of the universe. i loved you then, i love you now, and i will continue to love you for as long as i live. i'll never be with anyone else after you, and i mean that with every fiber of my being. i'll never remove you from my memories and my life, you'll always be here with me, even if not physically. i'll think of you everyday and i hope you think of me, too. i'll miss you everyday so terribly and i'll still make art for you. i'll live my life fully, because i know you'd want that for me, and i hope you live yours, too. i'm always so proud of how amazing you are as a person. and even if you choose to be happy with someone else, i would understand, because i know you hold so much love inside you, it's just waiting to be released. i'll always be grateful that i met you and that we shared the purest love i've ever experienced, i'll never regret this. you changed me for the better, and you are the best thing that's ever happened to me, you'll always be. i forgive you for being human, and i hope you get to forgive yourself, too. you deserve to be loved so tenderly and i hope you thrive in an abundance of love that i know other people can give you. and when you feel like you're alone and have no one else, please always remember that i'll still be here for you, no matter what. even if i'm away and we're not talking, i'm here always. i love you for all eternity, and that won't ever change.