tags: [[letter]] [[chai]] [[love]]

i used to see the world in muted colors. my vision all dreary and muddied, like the sunlight doesn't quite hit my eyes that reflect the image of everything. was there something wrong with the way i see things? music sounded strange, too. as if muffled by foam walls, there were still something missing with every vibration that enters my eardrums. eventually, i learned to live with it. i was fine with this kind of settlement; to experience the world through my limited point of view. that was, until you came. 

our story didn't start like a hurricane entering the confines of a country. it was neither raging nor extravagant. in fact, you could miss it if you blink twice in one second. it appeared to me like a soothing whisper in the dark. it was pitch black, and suddenly, something was calling out my name. i can remember it was your voice. i almost tried to ignore your call, shutting it out as a mere noise next door, something that will eventually pass. but then it got louder and louder, until i can't run away from myself anymore. you came to me; a reminder of everything i've turned my back on, a reminder of the humanity that's left in me, a reminder of the love that was almost wilting inside my soul. how can i ignore such a beautiful thing? i did what almost everyone in the planet was too afraid to do; i surrendered. 

i've never felt such immense amount of love before that i thought i didn't deserve any of it. and yet, you showed me the stars, my hidden self, and the secret wonders of the universe i didn't even know existed until i met you. the entire world is drowning in fluorescent colors. no longer was i walking aimlessly in a dream, i am now everywhere, and you are everything that's beautiful in this realm. you are all the pieces of music i listen to, all the books i read, all the films i watch, all the things i study, all the words i memorize. you are the cold midnight air, the warm mug of coffee in the morning, the first puff of smoke at the after party, the smell of petrichor before it rains, the gust of wind in the afternoon, the orange sunlight that seeps through my window. you are every line i write, every stroke of charcoal i draw, every melody i sing, every note i play. you are the love that grows from every small hidden crevice and even those that are vast and out in the open. you are the love that is within each and every one of us. 

it's funny you say you're not meant for love. if only you could see you the way i see you, maybe you'd laugh, too. because you ARE love, and you express it so easily that you don't even have to try. i feel you in every fiber of my being, and i love you in your entirety—in days you feel like you're not worthy, in days you feel like on top of the world—i'll always be there with you. i think i already told you that i loved you before i fell in love with you—it's true. because i saw you for who you are and you saw me for who i am—just pure raw vulnerability and a beautiful surrender. loving you is like loving love itself and i think i won't have it in any other way. i'm glad i met you, you know? you're the best thing that's ever happened to me, chai.