tags: [[letter]] [[chai]]

it's only our first month of being together and i feel like i've loved you for years. i know i already told you i've never felt like this before, and that's actually the best part. you're already my first in a lot of different ways. and i'm sure you'll be my first for all the other things in the future. it's funny; when i form a relationship or friendship with someone, i never pictured them to be a part of my future. i told you i always see myself leaving them or them leaving me eventually—even i can't picture myself well into the future. but then, there's you. i can see myself being with you for many years to come. i can see myself building a loving future with you. i can see myself learning so many things about love and life alongside you. i can see myself overcoming hardships and celebrating all the joys in life with you by my side. i want a future with you. even though i'm firm with the belief that our present is all we have and i'll always cherish every second we spend right this moment, i would be the happiest woman alive if you choose me for the rest of your days—because i want you in mine, too. i know we keep joking about getting married, but it's actually not that far off from where we're heading. 
  
sometimes, i still get scared because i can't rule out the possibility of you growing tired of me, or perhaps choosing another. i still get scared that i can't clearly and properly express how i feel about you. i still get scared so often about so many different things because i'm afraid i'm not perfect. but i know now i shouldn't be and i don't have to be because you will always love me for who i am, who i've been and who i'll be. you will always remind me that i can be vulnerable with you, that i don't have to be afraid, that i can lay at rest in your arms, and that you will still love me despite all my flaws. your love makes me believe that we have eternity to figure things out together, and that i don't have to rush things. you make me feel like everything is possible, as long as i'm with you. i hope you know i am more than willing to do all the same for you because you deserve love as much as you're giving out. and even if the world can't give that much to you, i will more than make up for it. 

remember when you asked me at what point did i realize i fell for you? i couldn't explain properly when you asked me in person, with your breath on my lips and your eyes on me, because i was too nervous and i am not that verbally articulate. that, and i don't have a clear solid answer to that yet at the time—i needed time to think things through, like i always do. i may have found the answer: i think i loved you first even before i fell in love with you, if that makes any sense. i felt a complete surrender when you kissed me and held me our first night together. i felt safe with you, i still do. you made me feel like everything is going to be alright. you made me want to live for a longer time. you made me realize love already exists within me. i loved you for all those reasons. and then the falling in love comes right after. there's this aching need to be closer to you, a touch of selfishness and wanting you all to myself, more and more as time goes by. your beauty makes me cry, and i just want to kiss you all the time. random bursts of rush and thrill of being young and in love envelopes me everytime i am with you. now, i still can't tell at what specific point all of that happened, i think it was more gradually and progressively. 

you're the best thing that's ever happened to me. you radiate such pure love i didn't even know existed until i met you. my world just seems so clearer and more colorful once i realized i'm never going to let you go. it's even hard to imagine my life before i loved you. i can't promise that this relationship will be smooth-sailing, because life simply doesn't work that way. we will have bad times, we will certainly have good times. but i know i will be here and i will love you through all of it. i love you in all ways that has been possible and will be possible. my love for you will only grow from here, and i look forward to watching OUR love grow as it blooms into the biggest most colorful garden of flowers the universe has ever seen.  

i know you know i've been working on this playlist for weeks now, and i just avoided showing it to you. it took me this long because i really wanted each song to perfectly fit our story and what i feel for you. originally, it's supposed to be 24 hours long, because the night of july 24 was the first time we kissed. kaso ayon nabawasan din yung songs sa playlist after ko ayusin tapos i thought it's never going to be just 24 hours long because i know i will continue to add songs to this playlist because every love song i listen to will always be about you. you know how music (and creating playlists) means the world to me (next to you ofc), and this is one of the many ways i can best express my love for you.