tags: [[letter]] [[chai]] 

this is the best way for me to say all this, i hope you understand. our relationship hasn't been the best and it has been rocky especially since december. most of it has been my fault, they're all still unresolved, we've talked about this a lot and we're both still hurting. i'm so sorry, i wouldn't ever want to be the cause of your sufferings, but i was, and i probably still am. you didn't deserve to be put in such situations that caused you to hurt so terribly, i understand if you can't forgive me for that, because i can't forgive myself for hurting you in any way. when you dropped the bomb before your birthday, i felt like my whole life has been a lie. you know, it would've been fine if you just told me that right from the start, i wouldn't avoid you at all. but i understand how that thought scares you, it must've been so hard keeping this a secret from me. but the fact that you kept this from me, and you've been continuously hiding it by lying, that hurts me a lot. i appreciate you telling me this now, and i don't care if you were 17, i have loved you even before i knew that, i would still love you regardless, and i still do now. but you lied to me and that put a strain on my trust on you. how can i be assured that you won't lie to me again? i'm not angry, i can't ever bring myself to be angry at you, but i'm hurt and disappointed, and i should be allowed to feel all that, right? and i don't think it ends there. i don't like saying this but i'm starting to not feel safe around you. when you read my conversation with my workmate without my consent and i didn't say anything, that doesn't make it okay. you crossed my boundary of privacy because you don't trust me enough, that's more than saying a lot. now, because of that, i don't feel comfortable talking with anyone about anything at all because i know you would be able to read them if you wanted to, and i feel like you most probably will because i don't trust you enough anymore because you don't trust me. and then there's the persistent feeling that i couldn't be myself anymore either. ever since you called me weird for having a passion, i started retreating to my shell further away from you. it felt like everything i do now, you'd be judging me. and i can't say what i want to say anymore because i feel like there's a huge probability that you won't understand my thoughts and what i feel, you'd get angry easily and i'd clam up shut and start to feel like i'm being scolded and i feel small. i feel like i'm not allowed to say anything because that could upset you, i'm not allowed to feel disappointment or anger or even excitement because that could upset you, and i'm not allowed to do anything else that i would want to because that could upset you. i've become too afraid to take space in this relationship and my space has grown smaller and smaller until it's too small to even breathe. i was starting to feel helpless and the person i would want to be my safe space is starting to be the reason i want to go far away. and maybe that's not your fault, and you're still feeling a lot of things, too, and i'm being insensitive for the hundredth time again. i know you've thought about breaking up with me countless times before already because i fucked up a lot, and i've continued doing so, and that's valid. what you're feeling is completely valid. i'm not perfect, and neither are you. and maybe i'm really not meant for this relationship at all, and i'll continue to be afraid to take space, fuck up and hurt you again. and maybe you're not meant for this, too, because you'll only suffer more when you're with me. maybe we're not meant for this yet because it's too difficult to understand each other when we're both hurting. i don't want to break up with you because i promised i won't ever leave, but i'm telling you all of this now in the hopes that we could somehow salvage what's left of us in this relationship, and protect what we have. i'm proposing a break from everything. i'm not leaving you, i can't ever do that, but perhaps we need this time to think about a lot of things, about us, and about ourselves, and grow on our own. but if that won't work for you and you'd want to let go for good so this won't hurt much longer, i'd understand. i won't block you from any social media platforms, if you'd like to be mutuals still or not, that's fine with me either way. you can keep my stuff with you, or if you want, you can return them to me once we're both okay with everything. just tell me if you need anything returned to you right away so i can prepare them and send them to you. i won't delete our google drive, i don't have the heart to do that, but i'd respect it fully if you'd like everything deleted, as much as it hurts. you can remove our posts and stories together and i'll also remove mine, with your consent, of course. if you're going to say goodbye and this will be the last time for the both of us, i want you to know that i was the happiest when i'm with you. you changed my whole life, for the better, and you helped me regain the spark i have with living. you were the reason i lived in this world, but maybe it's time i stand up on my own. thank you for everything, for the sunshine you brought into my dark world, for the flowers you grew into a garden just for the two of us, for the love that you made me feel, and for being there, for just existing. i don't think i'll be in a relationship again, chai, if it's not with you—i mean that wholeheartedly. you are the best thing that's ever happened to me, and i'm saying goodbye, for now. i love you with my whole life, with every fiber of my being, and in your entirety—that will never, ever change.this is the best way for me to say all this, i hope you understand. our relationship hasn't been the best and it has been rocky especially since december. most of it has been my fault, they're all still unresolved, we've talked about this a lot and we're both still hurting. i'm so sorry, i wouldn't ever want to be the cause of your sufferings, but i was, and i probably still am. you didn't deserve to be put in such situations that caused you to hurt so terribly, i understand if you can't forgive me for that, because i can't forgive myself for hurting you in any way. when you dropped the bomb before your birthday, i felt like my whole life has been a lie. you know, it would've been fine if you just told me that right from the start, i wouldn't avoid you at all. but i understand how that thought scares you, it must've been so hard keeping this a secret from me. but the fact that you kept this from me, and you've been continuously hiding it by lying, that hurts me a lot. i appreciate you telling me this now, and i don't care if you were 17, i have loved you even before i knew that, i would still love you regardless, and i still do now. but you lied to me and that put a strain on my trust on you. how can i be assured that you won't lie to me again? i'm not angry, i can't ever bring myself to be angry at you, but i'm hurt and disappointed, and i should be allowed to feel all that, right? and i don't think it ends there. i don't like saying this but i'm starting to not feel safe around you. when you read my conversation with my workmate without my consent and i didn't say anything, that doesn't make it okay. you crossed my boundary of privacy because you don't trust me enough, that's more than saying a lot. now, because of that, i don't feel comfortable talking with anyone about anything at all because i know you would be able to read them if you wanted to, and i feel like you most probably will because i don't trust you enough anymore because you don't trust me. and then there's the persistent feeling that i couldn't be myself anymore either. ever since you called me weird for having a passion, i started retreating to my shell further away from you. it felt like everything i do now, you'd be judging me. and i can't say what i want to say anymore because i feel like there's a huge probability that you won't understand my thoughts and what i feel, you'd get angry easily and i'd clam up shut and start to feel like i'm being scolded and i feel small. i feel like i'm not allowed to say anything because that could upset you, i'm not allowed to feel disappointment or anger or even excitement because that could upset you, and i'm not allowed to do anything else that i would want to because that could upset you. i've become too afraid to take space in this relationship and my space has grown smaller and smaller until it's too small to even breathe. i was starting to feel helpless and the person i would want to be my safe space is starting to be the reason i want to go far away. and maybe that's not your fault, and you're still feeling a lot of things, too, and i'm being insensitive for the hundredth time again. i know you've thought about breaking up with me countless times before already because i fucked up a lot, and i've continued doing so, and that's valid. what you're feeling is completely valid. i'm not perfect, and neither are you. and maybe i'm really not meant for this relationship at all, and i'll continue to be afraid to take space, fuck up and hurt you again. and maybe you're not meant for this, too, because you'll only suffer more when you're with me. maybe we're not meant for this yet because it's too difficult to understand each other when we're both hurting. i don't want to break up with you because i promised i won't ever leave, but i'm telling you all of this now in the hopes that we could somehow salvage what's left of us in this relationship, and protect what we have. i'm proposing a break from everything. i'm not leaving you, i can't ever do that, but perhaps we need this time to think about a lot of things, about us, and about ourselves, and grow on our own. but if that won't work for you and you'd want to let go for good so this won't hurt much longer, i'd understand. i won't block you from any social media platforms, if you'd like to be mutuals still or not, that's fine with me either way. you can keep my stuff with you, or if you want, you can return them to me once we're both okay with everything. just tell me if you need anything returned to you right away so i can prepare them and send them to you. i won't delete our google drive, i don't have the heart to do that, but i'd respect it fully if you'd like everything deleted, as much as it hurts. you can remove our posts and stories together and i'll also remove mine, with your consent, of course. if you're going to say goodbye and this will be the last time for the both of us, i want you to know that i was the happiest when i'm with you. you changed my whole life, for the better, and you helped me regain the spark i have with living. you were the reason i lived in this world, but maybe it's time i stand up on my own. thank you for everything, for the sunshine you brought into my dark world, for the flowers you grew into a garden just for the two of us, for the love that you made me feel, and for being there, for just existing. i don't think i'll be in a relationship again, chai, if it's not with you—i mean that wholeheartedly. you are the best thing that's ever happened to me, and i'm saying goodbye, for now. i love you with my whole life, with every fiber of my being, and in your entirety—that will never, ever change. 