status: #baby 
tags: [[book]] [[review]]

I honestly was expecting some kind of preachy rant about "just rest" and "don't overwork yourself"-I was surprised that it was actually the opposite of that. Basically what it says is that most of what causes fatigue is barely physical and most definitely not mental overwork, it's boredom. It's not much of the incapacity of work but the desire to work that's making us tired. We're unwilling to do work most of the time, and that results to all these physical symptoms of exhaustion. And no, we're not imagining it, it's as real as it gets; it's just that our mind is a powerful thing that holds and commands every part of our body. We have to learn to control it. There are also other factors for fatigue, namely: worry, indecision, fear, a sense of inferiority, etc. The best way to be full of energy and to avoid fatigue is choose your vocation, what you're interested in and make that your career; you'll never work a day in your life. On top of that, you have to create a well-structured balanced life. Find your avocation, things you have to work on and integrate this into your routine. Pick a sport, exercise, eat a healthy diet, sleep (not necessarily eight hours a day like what Kant said), be social and be interested in a LOT of things. A shower would do good, too. Remove all fears and worries, regulate your emotions. Avoid tobacco, alcohol, coffee and such. Do this everyday, at first it will be difficult but we'll have to start now somewhere. It will eventually get easier. Have a lust for life and then you won't be tired.