tags: [[letter]] [[friendship]]

i thought u already left me, and i feel like u did at one point. and i was ready to beg for u to come back. after a lot of thinking, i thought about how even after all the times u took ur time off from me, i never actually did anything at all. i never even tried to think about what set u off and what pulled u away from me. and just lately, i did. i went back to all our conversations, read everything i've ever said and every little thing about u that i selfishly forgot. there's so many things i want to say and i hope u read everything i have to say.

thank u for coming forward right now telling me how u feel and what u thought about everything. u're right; i can be very unaware that i hurt people, illness or not—this shouldn't be an excuse. i never realized how destructive i can get when i don't take my meds and how it has cost me every single one of my friendships. knowing now how it also affected u to the point na it even drove u to think about not getting involved with me anymore, it hurts terribly. u're the number one person i'd never want to hurt because of my self-destructive tendencies. i don't have any excuses for it because i know, in all rationality, i should be taking my meds, and it's selfish to not drink them at all. i only ever thought about myself, i never thought about how my decisions could affect the people around me—how exhausting and difficult i can be when i'm in the middle of an episode.

and on top of that, there are a lot of issues that i didn't even touch upon when we were still talking. i never paid attention to the things important to you. i was never gentle to you, i've always been mean because we both had this thing where we just joke about our problems a lot and i unfairly brushed off ur struggles just because i thought u can handle it. i don't think about what you'd feel because i know in the end you'll forgive me. we always talked about how it's scary to get attached to peole even though we're attached to each other and we never admitted it, we never said it out loud. and even if we were that close, there's still this unexplained barrier between us that can't be penetrated. but back then i knew u were the first person i couldn't live without and i knew you're the only person i could see myself growing up with into the future.  

i'm sorry your family wasn't there for you when you needed it the most. you told me how they don't deserve to know the side of you who's fighting your mental illness and i told you it was unnecessary. that time when we talked about it, i didn't mean to invalidate you. you have every right to be spiteful because they have wronged you in all ways—they have abandoned you, never took care of you, and left you on your own. i could've told you your feelings are completely valid, even if i thought it wasn't a good idea at the time. instead, i imposed my opinions on you without thinking what you would feel. you didn't need it at the time, you needed someone who'll understand, and i failed at that. i'm sorry. this was on october 9, 2022—16 days we didn't talk. you avoided my questions of asking how you are when we finally talked.  

i'm sorry i couldn't be the one who called out red about dating you as a kid and i'm sorry i even supported it at some point. i'm sorry i couldn't speak out about it and stand up for you. i was just there on the sidelines, watching as it happened.  

october 10 2023 was "the talk". you told me how i repeatedly kicked you in the gut and i have been intentionally mean—that conversation never left my mind and still i was afraid to come back to it. like when you're happy, i'm all off on it. looking back to it, it's most likely when you're talking about your interests. i tend to brush them off really quickly when you're explaining. i never let you finish your train of thoughts, or even if i did, i quickly change the topic. i don't have any excuses for it and i was probably aware i was doing it but brushed the thought off. i was being an ass to you multiple times and you had every right to be upset. december 17 was the time i came back with a half-assed message. i still didn't know what i did wrong because i clearly didn't even make an effort to know what it was by backreading or even remember anything i've said that could've set u off. instead, i let myself be consumed by guilt, i played the victim again and just wallowed in self-pity. i came back empty handed yet had the audacity to ask for a second chance. i could've done better. after that, we were just on and off from talking. and even when u come back, u come back even more closed off about ur thoughts and ur feelings than before. 

and i think the worst thing about it all was when i told u i loved u, then openly admitting i've never loved nor cared for anyone at all in my entire life. i realize now how hurtful and untrue those words are. yes, i was, at many points in my life, have been openly sabotaging my relationships with people because i felt like i didn't deserve good things. i felt like i was meant to be left alone, even from u. u meant a lot to me and yet i was in complete denial about how i really feel and i never opened up my heart fully to u, thinking u'd leave me too at some point. i wanted u to stay, but i'm also doing my darnest to have u go away. i'm realizing now how stupid those thoughts were, how i should've just been honest from the start and how i should've realized things a lot sooner. remember the letter i gave u on ur birthday back in 2023? i realize now that i actually meant every word i said, even when i've been clouded by doubts before and after that. for all the time we spent apart, especially at the start of this year, a lot of things have changed since u've been gone and i want u to know i am capable of being so much better than before. i realized a lot of things; you mean a lot to me—more than i can ever emphasize. i appreciate you and i care for you a lot—even though i have failed to show you that most of the time. and i love you, too, so much—that it pains me to know i was the cause of all these turmoils. i don't know if this friendship is too broken to even be repaired anymore, and i don't know if you still want to stick around with me. but i know what i want now and i want you in my life for as long as possible—i mean that.