status: #adult 
tags: [[friendship]] [[melancholy]] [[letter]] [[angst]] [[birthday]] 

it’s 5 in the morning. i'm aware it's your birthday today. i'm also aware that we haven't been talking for a good long while—probably more than 2 weeks? probably even more than that, too. i'm sure you have your reasons for not checking in. looking back, i think it became more frequent when you started grade 12. how long have we been friends, 4 years? 5? i can't remember. i don't know how to even greet you a happy birthday, for some reason, because clearly you haven't been happy for a long time, plus i don’t want to make things awkward. i don’t really have any presents to give except for this letter, if you’re going to consider this a gift. i actually have been wanting to write a letter to you for some time now, i just didn’t know where to start. 

i’ve been thinking about it a lot, about you, about us (god, this is sounding like we’re in a relationship). but yeah. i’ve been thinking. i look around me and all i feel is a deep disconnect from everyone in my vicinity. in ways that i want to, i can’t connect properly with my family, even though they mean well and i love them. i can’t connect properly with my friends, i don’t even know if they care that much—i don’t, and that’s probably selfish. and i don’t think i’ll ever connect to someone properly in the future. but then there’s you. you’re not my girlfriend, but also you’re not just some friend to me. you’re the closest thing i have to ever having a legitimate genuine connection with another human being on a deeper level. i don’t know how you managed to do that, even though we’ve barely ever met in real life. we’ve been through so much just through messages. we grew up together in ways we can only imagine if we haven’t met in the first place. you were always there, always. you’re there when i hit rock bottom—you were the rock and you were there with me when i was at my lowest. sometimes i feel guilty knowing that i probably haven’t given that same amount of love and support to you when you’re at your lowest—like right now. things have been rough, haven’t they? when i think about you, i always picture you as someone who’s always carrying the entire world on her shoulders, ever since as a kid. and all i can see is you struggling with the weight and constantly questioning how you even ended up there with all that burden. but then you look at me, smiling, saying it’s okay. meanwhile, i stand there and let it be, thinking you can do it all on your own. because you’re so fucking dependable, you’ve always been. you’re like everybody’s big sister. and that’s maybe my biggest sin between us: thinking that you can handle the shit you’ve been put through and come back to me carefree and lighthearted. and it’s even worse because i know you just became independent because you were forced to—you never really had the choice. you grew up alone, and you’ve remained alone, isolated, still carrying the world. it just sucks because all i can offer you is my presence, these words, this letter and my unsolicited tears. i can’t give you that optimism and encouragement you need because even i am still figuring shit out. though you don’t have to be alone, at least not all the time. i know you need your alone time to figure your own shit out but if it gets bad (like really bad), i am here. i want to be here when you need me, so i hope you let me sometimes. i’ve been working out a lot so i think i can carry a little piece of what you’re carrying.

  

all i’m saying is that, if and when you come back, i just want you to know i’ll still be here, no matter how long, take your time. i don’t even know if you’re gonna be able to read this letter, i hope you do (because i’ve poured my heart out into this). we still have so much growing up to do and even more learning out in the real world—and i want you to be there. i’m trying this thing out where i can only focus on my present moment. but if i cheated a little bit and look far into my future: i can see you beside me. and if i look back to the past, the only wish i have is that i should have met you sooner. 

  

i love you. you’re the greatest thing to ever happen to me (besides music and coffee, of course).