status: #child 
tags: [[book]] [[review]] [[purpose]] [[suffering]] 

1/24/2021

this is a book that you will continually go back to every time you feel lost and feel like your life is starting to lose meaning again. this is a kickstarter to having a sense of purpose in a world filled with suffering and will serve as a constant reminder that even in inevitable suffering, there can be meaning.

i am very thankful that i read this book in the midst of a confusing alternating cycle from hopelessness and existential crisis to self-actualization and discovery at the age of 19. i think i'm starting to realize now what my life means; and that is to create and consume art-in every way possible. i listen to a lot of music, i read and i watch. and in return, i paint, i write, i make music, and make videos. on the outside, it might look like they're just hobbies, but they are MY hobbies, they are meaningful to me and i live because of them.

i don't necessarily seek to be a "better version" of myself. i just do these because they make me happy and they fill me with contentment, and that's probably more than enough.

suffering is not necessary to find meaning, but meaning is possible in spite of suffering. to suffer unnecessarily is masochistic rather than heroic. so suffer responsibly, you guys.

10/4/2023

as you can see from my previous review, i sound quite dumb and a tad bit too optimistic. however i'm still keeping that review just to remind myself that i can be grossly sentimental at times. this book, after a couple of reads, is not that groundbreaking or life-changing, to me at least. it's inspiring, true, but at times it would get repetitive. but hey, it worked for millions probably so who am i to say that its attempt is vain. or maybe it's because i'm in a much better place in life now (and manic) so the effect is a little underwhelming. i am experiencing a deficit in empathy.

anyways.

first half of the book details frankl's experiences in concentration camps (as per the title of part one). part one is divided into three sections, each corresponding to a prisoner's psychological reactions during camp admission, camp life, and liberation. the first psychological reaction which happened during first admission to the camp is shock. man stripped (literally) naked, existence or non-existence. the initial reaction of any inmate is hopelessness and the fear of the looming danger of death. a big chunk of part one talks about the second psychological reaction, which is apathy. people will just stop caring, numb from everything. however, this is a necessary mechanism of self- defense. it's a quite healthy reaction to an abnormal situation. the camp inmates have one task: to survive. in this stage, man is stripped off of ego and pride as a human being. here, frankl talks about love being the shining light despite the darkness of their circumstances: love remains. there are also bits of meager pleasures inmates hold onto to keep going called "negative happiness." something to cling to. a man needs to save his last bit of self-respect, or else he'll lose the feeling of being an individual with freedom and values. then frankl stresses a major point here: man is not just a productof his surroundings and circumstances, he always ALWAYS has the freedom to make a decision. even if he loses everything, one thing remains: his freedom to choose his attitude in the face of circumstances, to choose his own way. THIS CANNOT BE TAKEN AWAY OR LOST. THIS IS WHAT MAKES LIFE MEANINGFUL AND PURPOSEFUL DESPITE ALL THE SUFFERING. and so, man can find meaning in three things: (1) active life - values in creative work, (2) passive life beauty, art, nature, (3) SUFFERING - ineradicable part of life. "sub specie aeternitatis": if a man can't look forward in the future, remove "realities" of the present, and constantly relive the past-life will become meaningless. frankl has repeated this nietzsche quote several times to drill the idea in your head: "he who has a why to live for can bear with almost any how." this means as long as there's reason and meaning, you can do anything. frankl also says that we should stop asking life what the meaning is, instead think about what life asks of us. there's one peculiar idea that got me thinking a lot and i can't seem to find it in me to agree or disagree because i can't arrive to a proper conclusion: MAN IS TRULY ALONE IN HIS SUFFERINGS. because in that suffering he can find his own unique opportunity to meaning. i'm still not sure if i agree with that. third phase (liberation) is when inmates experience depersonalization. everything feels unreal, like a dream. but eventually they got out and they needed to relearn how to be human again. life in concentration camps revealed that inside a human, there is a mixture of good and evil, and it's up to us to decide which we will be.

second part is frankl trying to explain logotherapy. logotherapy is a meaning-centered psychotherapy where logotherapists help patients widen and broaden their visual fields so they can find meaning. because, frankl stresses, that meaning can be found in the world, outside the self, instead of inside the self or psyche. i'm also not sure if i agree with that bit. anyways, he says that existential distress is not a mental disease but a prerequisite for mental health-it is necessary and supposed to happen. because if you're not frustrated then what of you? we all have this, what frankl calls, the existential vacuum. an inner emptiness, a void within, which seems to never be filled. and that's the main target of logotherapy. to fill the hole. logotherapy makes you understand that responsibleness is a huge part of the struggle to find meaning. perhaps, responsibility IS the meaning. wait, am i wrong? frankl also makes it clear that suffering isn't necessary to find meaning, it's just that it's possible despite of it. if suffering is avoidable then fucking get rid of it, you masochist.

postscript 1984: tragic optimism. frankl reiterates the contents of the previous parts of the book with some couple of anecdotes that i seem to have a hard time caring about. anyways, "tragic optimism" is being optimistic despite of the "tragic triad": (1) pain, (2) guilt, (3) death. he talks about how to counter these. by: (1) turning suffering to achievement, (2) learn from mistakes and change oneself for the better, (3) act NOW because you'll die anytime indefinitely. also, happiness shouldn't be the aim of everyone. everyone wants to be happy of course but happiness is just a product. what we should really be aiming for is the reason to be happy, then happiness automatically ensues. that's how you can cope with the bad jubies. lastly there's this quote: "live as if you were living for the second time and had acted as wrongly the first time as you are about to act now" which probably means just be kind, always.