status: #child 
tags: [[book]] [[review]] [[fiction]] [[japanese media]]

i was gonna say haruki murakami writing this book should be considered self-porn and masturbation and i couldnt help but just see him projecting. i know murakami's main characters are usually a typical guy who's really stoic, a smarty-pants and really really bland. the only interesting thing about them is what happens to them. but the more i read on, the more i realized how much of myself i can see through these characters and how much "i" was the one projecting through his projections. the loneliness, the tendency to be overly attached to an idea of a person even though a concrete relationship has long been gone, unconsciously disregarding other people's feelings and actions, the unintentional self-absorption, feeling like the weight of the whole world is always on my back-it's all me.

needless to say, i still didn't like the majority of this book. not because it resonated too much, but because even if usually murakami's works' atmospheres are somber, melancholic and thrives on the mundane, i failed to find anything worthwhile from this book. i almost never mind if a book seems pointless and the plot doesn't really go anywhere, but there's just something insufferable about this one. which is weird because i really liked ***pinball 1973***, ***a wild sheep chase***, ***kafka on the shore***, and ***hard-boiled wonderland and the end of the world***. but i just really really dislike this one. probably all the implications of sex and that ending.