status: #child 
tags: [[book]] [[review]] [[history]] [[philippines]]

"*This is not a political event at all. It is a moral issue, a contest between good and evil. There are no shades of gray in this, there are no conservatives or liberals or left or right. It is not a question of who has the better platform or the more experience. There is only one "issue": a clear choice between good and evil. Vox populi, vox Dei. The people in the streets believe that with God on their side they cannot lose. They are right.*" Kaa Byington, writer

February 22 to 25, 1986, the Filipinos did the impossible. They defied a forceful government under the Marcos regime. Reformists, along with Juan Ponce Enrile, General Fidel Ramos, Cory Aquino and 3 million Filipinos from all walks of life-from priests, nuns, teachers, the middle class to children, the elderly, activists, doctors, lawyers-came together to stand up against more than a decade of oppression and corruption. Armed with nothing but songs, prayers, naked courage, unwavering faith, and readiness to die for the country and for the future of their children-in face of Marcos loyalist soldiers with guns and tanks. But the soldiers couldn't do it. They couldn't shoot on sight and hurt his fellow countrymen. Agony can be seen in the soldiers' faces as they face this dilemma, but in the end, they just couldn't take the hit. Not now, not ever. On the evening of 25th February, Marcos fled Malacañang and what has never been done before, in over 77 hours that they stood tall arm in arm, the people won.

I was yet to be born at the time of Ninoy Aquino's assassination nor during the People Power Revolution. So, the only time I can connect to this significant event in history is the similarities it has to Vice President Leni Robredo's campaigns against presidential candidate, son of former dictator, Bongbong Marcos in the 2022 elections. It was the first time I participated in a political rally, and the first time I felt what it's like to be a true Filipino, fighting for what's right. It makes me emotional just thinking about it- how everyone is doing their part, even in their own little way. It makes me emotional even now that I'm reading eyewitnesses' stories during the EDSA Revolution (to the point where I actually did cry while seeing the photos). Similarly to that of 2022 campaign rallies; people convincing people that we all shouldn't be fighting, free rides from random people's vehicles just to get to massive rallies, offering food to fellow countrymen during protests and door-to-door campaigning, the sheer camaraderie and good will among complete strangers who believe in one cause and hope, and hope, and HOPE. Faith in God and religion played a huge part in all of this so if there really is a God, then he was certainly present among the people.

But now, in a depressing unfortunate turn of events, we lost a chance of a new tomorrow. We fell back to the hands of someone we swore not to fall back into, ever again. We failed you, Philippines. And now we're going to suffer the consequences. However, the fight is far from over. I know the spirit of the Filipino people is still engraved deep in our hearts. We must awaken and rise up from all the injustices, mountain of lies and being entrenched in a sea of corruption. We must face the empire built from fraudulence and deceit head on. I know you're in there somewhere. People Power can and will happen again, in the face of oppression, as long as we're still breathing and we're still believing-I just know it.

"*The political problems of people can be solved without recourse to arms or violence. The world's problems are best solved if we respect the humanity, the dignity of every human person concerned. The desire to be violent or to use violence can be tamed and diminished, if we show love, care, joy to those who are unjust and wish to be violent. Violence adressess the agressor. Nonviolence searches out and addresses the humanity in the enemy or oppressor. When that common humanity is touched, then the other is helped to recognize the human person within and ceases to be inhuman, unjust, and violent.*" - Jose Blanco, S.J.