status: #adult 
tags: [[book]] [[review]] [[habit]] [[self-improvement]] 

habit 1: be proactive 

we are largely determined by conditioning and conditions. we could say it's because of our genes (genetic determinism) or it's because of our upbringing by our parents (psychic determinism) or that it's the environment that's the problem, not you (environmental determinism). proactivity means we are responsible for our own lives (surprising, huh?). we have the initiative and responsibility to make things happen. the difference between being reactive and proactive is this: reactive people are driven by feelings, by circumstances, by conditions, by their environment while proactive people are driven by values. we have to realize that it's not what happens to us, but our response to what happens to us that hurts us. we have the freedom to choose what to feel about certain circumstances or challenges. i particularly like the concept of circle of concern/circle of influence wherein we expand our self-awareness by identifying what's in and what's out of our control-what we can do something about or what can be worth the focus of our time and energy. making and keeping commitments is the essence of proactivity because it solidifies our integrity, sense of responsibility and awareness of self-control. this one is particularly difficult for me as i find it troubling to make commitments, especially in terms of relationships. but identifying the problems and weaknesses is the first step to improving them.

habit 2: begin with the end in mind

you have to plan and visualize your success. to do that, you must first be into leadership. the two qualities that enable us to expand our proactivity and to exercise personal leadership in our lives are imagination and conscience. you also have to have a personal mission statement. in order to have one, we must look into our circle of influence and expand it, along with the four qualities that enrich a personality; security, guidance, wisdom, and power. security represents your sense of worth, guidance your source of direction in life, wisdom is your sense of perspective in life, and power is the capacity to act. we must identify our center and what drives us.

habit 3: put first things first

habits 1 and 2 are prerequisites to habit 3, the physical creation, the actualization. independent will is the ability to make choices and to act, to proactively carry out the program we created. the four generations of time management: first generation could be characterized by notes and checklists, second generation could be characterized by calendars and appointment books, the third generation reflects the current time management field (prioritization, setting goals, daily planning), and the fourth generation recognizes that the challenge is not to manage time, but to manage ourselves. the key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities. and it should be done in the context of planning a week. weekly organizing gives you more freedom and flexibility as well as having the time for things that are important but are not urgent (quadrant II).

habit 4: think win/win - win/win means agreements or

solutions are beneficial to both parties. no deal means agreeing to disagree if there's no solution that is mutually beneficial. the principle of win/win embraces five fundamental dimensions of life: character, relationships, agreements, supportive systems, and processes. character is the foundation of win/win and there are three character traits that are essential to the win/win paradigm: (1) integrity is the value we place on ourselves. if we can't make and keep commitments to ourselves as well as to others and not know what's harmonious to our values, our commitments become meaningless, (2) maturity is the balance between courage and consideration. if I have it, I can listen, I can empathically understand, but I can also courageously confront. anything less than either would be a win/lose or lose/win, (3) abundance mentality is thinking there is more out there for everybody. people who have the opposite, scarcity mentality, wish and hope for other people's demise, to put them "in their place." they surround themselves with people who are "weaker" and make them look superior. next to the foundation (character) is relationships: building and maintaining them. the trust, the emotional bank account, is the essence of win/win. deep issues and fundamental differences have to be dealt with for achieving a win/win compromise-so trust in the relationship is important. agreements give definition and direction to win/win. a clear mutual understanding and agreement up front in these areas creates a standard against which people can measure their own success. win/ win can only survive in an organization when the systems support it-it has to be systematically aligned with goals and values. the problem isn't the people, it's the systems. if you put good people on bad systems, it produces bad results. and in processes, you can only achieve win/win solutions with win/win processes-the end and the means are the same.

habit 5: seek first to understand, then to be understood

most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply. this is something i particularly keep in mind when i talk to people. empathic listening is listening with the intent to understand, getting inside a person's frame of reference, to see the world through their eyes. diagnose before your prescribe. giving someone psychological air means giving them the space to breathe, to let them tell you about their inner workings and frustrations. people want to be deeply understood. after understanding, then seek to be understood-it takes courage because it's putting yourself out there.

habit 6: synergize - the essence of synergy is valuing

differences. unity, or oneness, is complimentariness, not sameness. sameness is boring. life is not always dichotomous either/or, there are almost always third alternatives. we should all strive to find that alternative and work together in a flow state to lead to an agreement that benefits everyone.

habit 7: sharpen the saw

the greatest asset you have is yourself and habit 7 is preserving and enhancing the asset in the form of four dimensions of your nature-physical, spiritual, mental, and social/emotional. the "daily private victory" is a practice of spending one hour a day every day sharpening the saw in the first three dimensions-physical, spiritual and mental.