status: #child 
tags: [[cats]]

Okay, let's talk about cats for a second. Truthfully, I'm very fond of cats, especially kittens. They are just the most adorable and precious little beings here on Earth (alongside puppies). Sure, they are cute lil' balls of fur wanting to be pet and cuddled with. When they grow up, they become those lazy (kinda boring) old worn-out carpets that just want food and doesn't give a fuck about shit and is tired of your bullshit, human. They're probably also one of the weirdest creatures ever created. I can say that because I've had my fair share of pet cats and cat experiences. They sometimes just randomly stop functioning and with wide eyes and alarmed ears, they just stop for a while. More like people when they space out but weirder. And there is also this issue with cats and cucumbers. Apparently, cucumbers scare the shit outta them. They jump around and freak out when cucumbers come in sight. Cats and mirrors are also a great combination. I've always wondered if cats know what they look like. If you present them with a mirror, they think they are looking at an enemy. So, their furs flare, they get angry and punch their reflections. Don't even get me started with cats' fail flyings. They think they can fly, they jump high but then they fail and fall down. Cats are also picky-eaters, per se. They try several food and when they don't like it, they leave it there. But they have a knack of trying every food they smell. Though when they like a certain food, they eat a lot. Then they get fat. I can go on, you see, but everything has a limit. Although despite cats being weird-ass bitches, they are very loving and soft and cuddly with their owners. Unlike dogs who are man's bestfriend, loyal can protect you and all, I believe cats can do the same, as well. So, let's spread the love and let us love them pussies!! MEOW. 

P.S. It's funny how the color is orange, **like Garfield**. 