---
airDate:
  - "1995"
  - "1996"
dateStarted: 2020-06-04
completedDate: 2020-09-16
genre:
  - drama
  - mecha
  - action
  - mystery
  - psychological
  - sci-fi
tagLinks:
  - "[[series]]"
  - "[[overview]]"
  - "[[anime]]"
  - "[[japanese]]"
  - "[[art]]"
  - "[[fiction]]"
  - "[[psychological]]"
  - "[[ravencore]]"
  - "[[review]]"
complete_instances:
  - 2020-09-16
translation: Shin Seiki Evangelion [Neon Genesis Evangelion]
studio: GAINAX
episodes: 26
episodeDuration: 24 minutes
rating: 10
growth: "[[child]]"
title: 新世紀エヴァンゲリオン
artist: 庵野 秀明/Hideaki Anno
---
## PLOT

In the year 2015, the Angels, huge, tremendously powerful, alien war machines, appear in Tokyo for the second time. The only hope for Mankind's survival lies in the Evangelion, a humanoid ## PLOT


## REVIEW

fighting machine developed by NERV, a special United Nations agency. Capable of withstanding anything the Angels can dish out, the Evangelion's one drawback lies in the limited number of people able to pilot them. Only a handful of teenagers, all born fourteen years ago, nine months after the Angels first appeared, are able to interface with the Evangelion. One such teenager is Shinji Ikari, whose father heads the NERV team that developed and maintains the Evangelion. Thrust into a maelstrom of battle and events that he does not understand, Shinji is forced to plumb the depths of his own inner resources for the courage and strength to not only fight, but to survive, or risk losing everything. 
## REVIEW

## OVERVIEW

### Episode 1 : 使徒、襲来/Shito, shūrai [Angel Attack] — Angel Attack

The city of Hakone in Japan's Kanagawa prefecture has been transformed into Tokyo-3, a defense-specialized location to counter alien attacks because of what happened 15 years prior. First episode and the series already introduces tension in the main character's psyche brought upon by his estranged relationship with his father and the sudden responsibility of saving mankind against the invasion of seemingly alien species called "*angels*" that appeared within a 15-year lapse period of a previous emergence. Our main protagonist, *==Shinji Ikari==*, the Third Child, does pilot the eva, Unit 01, and attempts to fight the angel but ends in a failure of control and him being incapacitated. I'd also like to mention that the inside of the pilot entry plug of the EVA requires to be filled up with the fluid called LCL which allows the pilot to mentally link with the EVA (mental stability is kind of like the key to piloting EVAs). Once LCL fills up the pilot's lungs, external respiration (the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide) is automatically supported. The first angel to appear (in the present time) is named ***Sachiel***. Also, one little odd thing that happened was when the EVA Unit 01 protected Shinji from a falling debris, unpiloted and unactivated. This might have a significance in the future. 
### Episode 2 : 見知らぬ、天井/Mishiranu, tenjō [Unfamiliar Ceilings]— The Beast

Shinji wakes up in the hospital with no memory of what happened. *==Misato Katsuragi==*, a friendly operations director at NERV, makes Shinji move in with her as she deems it wrong to let the child live alone (also there's a random penguin somewhere). Later in the episode, it was revealed that back at the scene, Unit 01 went berserk and out of control then single-handedly and brutally took down the angel, without the help of a pilot or external controls. EVAs aren't just robots, there is something inside of them that is still unknown. It appears to be the EVA's mysterious true form. I'll also mention that the angels have what is called an A.T. Field; a type of barrier that protects angels (which an EVA also has — Unit 01 used its own A.T. Field to destroy the angel's barrier). 

### Episode 3 : 鳴らない、電話/Naranai, denwa [The Silent Phone] — A Transfer

Shinji agrees to pilot the eva, albeit depressingly, then transfers to a new school where he confirmed his role as the new kid pilot at NERV which garnered him attention from his classmates, especially *==Kensuke Aida==* — a military corps enthusiast, and *==Toji Suzuhara==* — a boy whose sister got caught up and injured during the battle between Shinji piloting Unit 01 versus the angel, so naturally he got pissed at Shinji. He beat his ass up (punched him once) until Shinji said "not like I piloted it by choice either" which earned him another punch from Toji. Another angel arrives, Shinji fights it again but fails miserably. Toji and Kensuke escape the confines of the evacuation center to see the fight — they too became caught in the conflict between Unit 01 and the second angel. Shinji tries to protect them by not moving, Misato commands the two boys to enter the entry plug for protection. They watch as shinji lose his control and disobeys Misato's commands of retreating to safety, all the while whispering to himself "I musn't run away. I musn't run away." He unsheathes his knife and attacks the angel's core head-on while screamimg bloody murder. Eventually, the angel stopped moving, the EVA ran out of fuel, and Shinji was left crying and distraught while Kensuke and Toji watch helplessly. The second angel to appear is called ***Shamshel*** meaning "sun of god" and he's described in the jewish mystical text Zohar as the angel that guarded the garden of eden.

### Episode 4 : 雨、逃げ出した後/Ame, nigedashita ato [Rain, After Running Away] — Hedgehog's Dilemma

After his last battle, Shinji clearly wasn't okay and he contemplates leaving NERV and give up piloting the EVA. He runs away, the one thing he swore not to do. He packs up and leaves Misato's apartment, wandering to places without nowhere to go and no destination in mind. He says goodbye to Toji and Kensuke but not to Misato, after their heated exchange — of misato telling him "We don't need someone with that attitude to pilot an EVA." By the end of the episode, Shinji didn't board the train home, Misato runs to the train station, thinking she was too late but realized Shinji was still there. He says "I'm home." and Misato says "Welcome home." He was back. 

### Episode 5 :  レイ、心のむこうに/Rei, kokoro no mukō ni [Rei, Beyond the Heart] — Rei I

 Flashback to an activation process of Unit 00 which *==Ayanami Rei==*, the First Child, pilots. After a system malfunction, the Unit 00 going berserk and attacks *==Ikari Gendo==* (this might have a significance in the future), the entry plug shoots out as an escape retreat for the pilot. Gendo appears to have a sentimental concern for Rei as he rushes to the scene and opens the fiery hot entry plug to see if she was okay. Back to present time, Shinji learns of his father and Rei's relationship and he became instantly jealous. Rei and Shinji aren't friends and Rei isn't really interested to be (and honestly I understand). Shinji goes to Rei's unkempt and dirty apartment with blood stains on the pillow case, originally to give her renewed card, but he ended up snooping around her things. Trigger warning: minor's naked body in this episode as Shinji literally stumbled upon Rei's unclothed body and "accidentally" squeezed her tit. Rei is unfazed by this and ignores him, until they were at NERV headquarters where Shinji reveals his distrust towards his father and Rei became pissed and slapped Shinji. The episode ends with the appearance of the third angel (but Gendo calls it the fifth) named ***Ramiel***. A geometric piece of apparatus that is described in the book of Enoch to be one of the fallen angels that were corrupted in their association with humans. These were the events said to lead up to the flood that Noah built the ark for. Ramiel is described as one of the leaders of those fallen angels. Also, in this episode, it was revealed that the angels are made from the different matter from humans yet has a striking 99.89% match with human genes. This might have a significance in the future.
  
### Episode 6 : 決戦、第3新東京市/Kessen, daisan shin Tōkyō-shi [Showdown in Tokyo-3] — Rei II

Shinji gets fucked by the angel ***Ramiel*** as soon as Unit 01 emerges from the cage — he gets sent to the medic. Ramiel drills underground directly above NERV headquarters but it needs to penetrate 20 more armors before it reaches it. Misato comes up with a plan; *Operation Yashima*, where a prototype of an EVA positron sniper rifle will be used to shoot the angel outside its firing range. However, a large amount of energy is required for it to work, so they borrowed electricity from all across Japan which resulted in a temporary power outage. When Shinji came to, him and Rei were given tasks. The operation will commence at midnight. Shinji will be the one to use the rifle and Rei is assigned to protect Shinji. They had a little talk before they entered the EVAs. Rei told Shinji that she has nothing else, so she pilots the EVA. Fast forward, the plan succeeded, but with the Geo Front getting penetrated by Ramiel's drill and Rei being injured when she protected Shinji from Ramiel's beam. Shinji got so concerned that he cried. He cried because Rei always tells him "Goodbye" before a mission and because Rei told him she has nothing else. Rei got awkward and didn't know what to do. Shinji just told her to smile. And she did. This was the first time Rei smiled. 

### Episode 7 : 人の造りしもの/Hito no tsukurishimono [The Works of Man] — A Human Work

Misato and NERV's head scientist *==Akagi Ritsuko==* went to a conference at Old Tokyo, which was now entirely submerged in water. It's a commemoration event for Jet Alone (JA) which is a robot made by an organization to fight angels. During the event, NERV got shit for failures such as EVAs going berserk and the mental strain it gives to kid pilots. The JA activation process malfunctioned, the nuclear reactor inside the robot is due for a meltdown and it can possibly destroy the city — the operators can't do shit. Misato decided to handle the situation by manually shutting down the program inside the robot, with the help of Shinji. When she went inside the scorching hot interior of the robot, she failed to shut down the program by typing in the password but instead she pushed random cylinder-shaped contraptions which stopped the meltdown for some reason. She suspected it may have been a sabotage planned by someone. It was revealed in this episode that the "*Second Impact*" happened in the south pole where the first angel appeared but no one really knows why there was such a huge explosion. Shinji ponders what EVAs really are. 

### Episode 8 : アスカ、来日/Asuka, rainichi [Asuka Arrives in Japan] — Asuka Strikes!

Misato, Shinji, Toji and Kensuke flies to New Yokosuka, submerged in water, with battle ships and war fleets that guard an EVA, for some important reason. A new character is introduced in the series: *==Sohryu Asuka Langley==*, the Second Child, pilot of Unit 02, and of German roots. She appears to be prideful and show-offish, often looking down on everyone. Another character is shown, too, with the name of *==Kaji==*, who seemingly has a past with Misato. As they are being introduced, an angel appears with the name of ***Gaghiel*** — the angel of the fish, which is now the 6th angel, which moves underwater. Shinji and Asuka goes inside Unit 02 and fought Gaghiel underwater by jamming its mouth open and letting the warships fire and self-destruct inside its mouth, surpassing their sync ratio record at the time (Shinji's sync ratio record was at 40%). But during the fight, Kaji mysteriously flees the scene, letting Misato handle the situation. Kaji meets up with Gendo, with an important object, in the shape of a fetus, encased in a technological suit case. Gendo mentioned that it's ***Adam***; the first human being. It might be what the angels are after. It is also said to be the keystone for the "*human instrumentality project*". The episode ends with Asuka transferring to Shinji's class, to their disbelief.

### Episode 9 : 瞬間、心、重ねて/Shunkan, kokoro, kasanete [Mind, Matching, Moment] — Both of You, Dance Like You Want to Win! 

The 7th angel, ***Israfel***, is associated with music, which plays a huge part in the episode's theme. He's like a muse that musicians pray to for inspiration. In the 14th century Arabic text "The Wonders of Creation," it states that he's the angel that will blow the trumpet to initiate the death of all living things on earth. In the series, Israfel can split into two after cutting off a part of it — kinda like budding, a type of asexual reproduction. Shinji and Asuka failed in the first battle, they blamed each other. The one way to defeat Israfel is to do a simultaneous two-point attack at its core in a perfectly synchronized timing. It needs cooperation and perfect coordination. Shinji and Asuka stayed at Misato's apartment to practice their teamwork. They have to memorize the attack pattern with music, as suggested by Kaji. They have extreme trouble coordinating — Asuka feels like she had to level down to Shinji and Shinji is just trying his best. Asuka has a strong drive to prove herself to everyone that she's perfect so she agrees to do the synchronization dance. One night, Asuka went to sleep beside Shinji — he tried to kiss her until he heard Asuka mumble "Mama.." which made him stop. This might have a significance in the future. On the other hand, Misato and Kaji kissed in the elevator, probably rekindling their past. They obviously still have feelings for each other. The day to defeat Israfel arrives, Shinji and Asuka successfully defeated it by coordinating. They still blamed each other after the battle. The episode ends with a few laughs, who knows how long the fun will last.

### Episode 10 : マグマダイバー/Magumadaibā [Magmadiver] — Magmadiver

Not much happened here except for Shinji having multiple boners because of Asuka and the 8th angel named ***Sandalphon*** who's submerged under a volcano, beneath all the magma, while in its egg/embryo form. NERV decided to take an offense, A-17, instead of settling with defense as always. If they fail, the UN is ready to bomb the place, along with everyone on the site, under Gendo's orders — all to prevent another Second Impact. Kaji fled the scene once more, to who knows where — that guy's mysterious. They tried to capture the egg from underneath the magma and pressure using Asuka and Unit 02 in a specialized equipment/suit. After it was captured, still under magma, the angel came out of its egg and Asuka has no choice but to fight it; she used Shinji's prog knife (because she lost hers) and thermal expansion to defeat it. After the events, they went to an *onsen*, where Asuka saw Misato's large scar on her chest which she mentioned was because of the Second Impact. This might have a significance in the future. Sandalphon is said to be originally the human prophet Elijah but took on his new angelic form after ascending to heaven. He is associated with the unborn and children, and also is able to reach any part of earth (like inside a volcano in the anime). 

### Episode 11 : 静止した闇の中で/Seishishita yami no naka de [In the Still Darkness] — The Day Tokyo-3 Stood Still 

Unit 00's activation process has trouble once more: conversion efficiency is 0.008 (lower than theoretical value). It's the same problem they encounter everytime. This might have a significance in the future. The main power supply has been cut off at NERV. Back-up units aren't working. Kaji and Misato are stuck in the elevator. The vice commander *==Fuyutsuki==* wants power to be on ***Magi*** and ***Central Dogma***, even if it disrupts life support systems — that must be important. A new angel appears: ***Matharael***, the 9th angel, the angel of rain, has a four-legged spider-like form — it's heading towards New Tokyo-3. It's speculated that someone deliberately turned the power off in the Geo-Front. Gendo said, "Ultimately, the enemy of mankind is mankind." Asuka, Rei, and Shinji tries to get into the headquarters. The workers manually prepare the EVAs' activation, along with Gendo. Asuka is a little annoyed by Rei's indifference. The three pilots entered the EVAs successfully and battles the angel. In the entry shaft where they come out, the angel spills orange lethal acid. They have a plan; Asuka shields them from the acid, Rei gets the fallen rifle and Shinji fires the rifle. They were successful. The episode ends with them staring at a beautiful starry sky. 

### Episode 12 : 奇跡の価値は/Kiseki no kachi wa [The Value of Miracles] — She said, 'Don't make others suffer for your personal hatred.'

Flashback to 15 years ago, the Second Impact, we see kid Misato getting placed into an enclosure by her father as a humngous creature with wings emerges from the Earth's pacific. This must be where Misato's scar on the chest came from. Misato has just been promoted from captain to major. The three pilots Shinji, Rei, and Asuka did a harmonics test — it shows that Shinji's harmonics and sync rate with Unit 01 is incredible, but still far from Asuka's. Afterwards, they celebrated misato's promotion, Shinji didn't like being around so much people. The commander and vice commander was told to have went to the south pole: "*a world of death which permits no life to exist*." An angel appeared above the Indian ocean, almost floating on outer space. It's ***Sahaquiel***, the angel of the skies, the 10th angel. It shoots parts of itself towards the Earth's surface, towards NERV. The city is evacuated. Misato is in charge but Ritsuko contested her decisions, saying she's risking everything because she wants revenge on the angels — hence the episode title. Their plan has a 0.00001% of succeeding — they also have a chance of dying. Yet they carried on with the plan, using their AT-fields, they destroyed the angel's AT-field and pierced its core with a prog knife — there was a huge explosion. In the end, they were successful. Gendo called at the headquarters, he praised Shinji's good work, to Shinji's surprise. Shinji mentioned to Misato that he finally understood what it's like to feel happy when praised and maybe the reason he pilots an EVA is to hear those words from him, Misato kept silent, Asuka called her stupid.

### Episode 13 : 使徒、侵入/Shito, shinnyū [Angel Infiltration] — Lilliputian Hitcher

The Magi system is an important part of NERV. It's a trio of supecomputers which help them defeat the angels. Ritsuko's mom is the one who built the Magi system. Anyways, the three pilots are again going through a test experiment. But there appeared to be a corrosion problem in NERV HQ's protein wall. During the test, something happened: something took control of Rei's simulation body. ***Iruel***, the angel of terror, the 11th angel, appeared to invade the HQ. The corrosion is spreading near "Adam" as Gendo said. Who Adam is, we don't know yet, but it seems important. Unit 01 is Gendo's priority not to be contaminated for some reason, even if the other two EVAs have to be sacrificed. Then, the angel's hacking into the sub-computer — from inside the Pribnow box. It's trying to access the security's main computer bank — goes past it, on the way to infiltrate Magi: Melchior reprogrammed, then stopped at Balthasar in an estimate of 2 hours. The angel is as small as micro-machines that changes constantly. Misato suggests to destroy Magi along with the angel but Ritsuko said destroying it will destroy HQ itself. Ritsuko planned to counter-hack it by connecting Casper to the angel and uploading a self-destruct program. Inside the Magi, notes left by Ritsuko's mom were present which can help them with the plan. Ritsuko's mom's personality was implanted in the Magi, her brain, to be exact. The angel continued its ascent to contaminate Casper but at the very last second, they managed to eliminate the angel.

### Episode 14 : ゼーレ、魂の座/Zēre, tamashii no za [Seele, the Seat of the Soul] — Weaving a Story

The first half of this episode is basically a flashback of the episodes 1 to 13, counting the previous angels that have been defeated. There are 11 angels that have appeared in the series so far. Rei had a severe existential crisis, though, if you ask me, it's probably the norm for her. Rei has always been a mystery — we don't know her history, where she came from, who she really is and her connection with Gendo Ikari. In the unit link-up test, it was mentioned that unit 00 and 01's personal data patterns are very similar to one another. During Shinji's interchangeability test with Unit 00, something tries to get in his head — Ayanami Rei. Mental contamination took place. Unit 00 became out of control while Shinji's still in the entry plug. It went and attacked Rei through the observing glass. But Ritsuko knew it was her that Unit 00 was trying to attack. For what reason? Why her? Anyways, there's something here about ***Seele*** interfering, the Human Instrumentality committee, Commander Ikari's Adam Project, and the Lance of Longinus — all of which are still mysteries.

### Episode 15 : 嘘と沈黙/Uso to chinmoku [Lies and Silence] — Those women longed for the touch of others' lips, and thus invited their kisses.

Kaji has been snooping around and investigating NERV deeper. He found out about the ***Marduk Institute*** and its connection to NERV. He even hired someone to dig for him — that someone advised him not to go and be involved in that, it's a bad idea. Shinji kept looking at Rei all day, it was because he wanted to know what he should talk about with his father since he thought Rei and Gendo are close. Shinji also told Rei that she was like a mother, which made Rei blush (?). Ritsuko, Misato and Kaji went to a wedding ceremony. Asuka went on a date (which she ditched later on). Shinji went to visit his mother's grave with his father. His father and him talked a little bit, it was revealed that there were no pictures left of Shinji's mother, not even the corpse is there on the grave. Ritsuko left the ceremony early, which left Kaji and Misato. Misato's feet got sore because of the high heels that Kaji had to carry her home, but later she insisted on walking. Misato and Kaji had a heart-to-heart talk about their break-up, about how she sees Kaji as just like her father — she hated her father, about how she was afraid of everything and how she kept running away, just like Shinji. Misato had a meltdown and Kaji kissed her just to calm her down. Which brings us to Shinji and Asuka at home. Asuka offered to have a kiss with Shinji (because Shinji hasn't kissed anyone). They kissed, alright, for a long while, with Shinji being left breathless and Asuka disgusted. On the new headquarters, on Central Dogma, Rei is seen to be inside some kind of an incubator, with Gendo watching her ominously. On Terminal Dogma, Kaji is seen snooping around NERV by Misato, who pointed a gun to his head. She questioned his motives, Kaji showed her the truth by revealing a place where "Adam" is placed. 

### Episode 16 : 死に至る病、そして/Shi ni itaru yamai, soshite [The sickness unto death, and then...] — plitting of the Breast

Shinji was at the top in their recent sync test again, which pissed Asuka off. An angel appeared directly above NERV, the 12th angel, ***Leliel***, the angel of the night. Asuka, Rei and Shinji immediately sprang to action — with Shinji as the main character. Except the angel was a shadow and appeared below Unit 01, and engulfed it without a trace. Shinji has been inside the angel for 12 hours going crazy while NERV figures out what the deal is and comes up with a plan. They plan on dropping mines at the center of the angel with the main priority of retrieving Unit 01, even if Shinji gets killed, which pissed Misato off. Shinji is still going crazy inside the angel — messing with his psyche, dealing with his deepest fears and needs and trauma — as the last of his oxygen runs out. Then, a light shines on him on the shape of his mother, beckoning him and asking him if he was ready. Suddenly, Unit 01 goes berserk. it ripped the angel apart as it comes out of it, resulting in a rain of blood. Everyone was stupefied with the EVA in all its glory and form. They saw it as a monster, created by man. 

### Episode 17 : 四人目の適格者/Yoninme no tekikakusha [The Fourth to be Qualified] — Fourth Children

Misato, Major Katsuragi, has been interrogated by a bunch of men (probably Seele) and they questioned if the angels were trying to communicate with humans (because of what happened to Shinji in the previous episode). Misato denies this possibility but they are still in doubt, then they dismiss Misato. The 2nd branch of NERV has vanished, along with Unit 04 and other research with it. A dummy plug with Rei's personal data in it has been made, but it's not a good substitute for a human's thinking process, just an emulation of it. "Rei" is still inside that incubator, for a moment. NERV is in need of a fourth child, Ritsuko already settled it. Shinji and Toji went to Rei's apartment — shinji cleaned up her room which flattered Rei, prompted her to say "Thank you." Kaji and Misato had a talk about NERV's secrets. Kaji revealed that the Marduk Institute doesn't exist, it's all NERV. He said she should go check out "*Code 707*" a.k.a. Shinji's school. Suzuhara Toji got called to the principal's office, it is quite obvious what for. The class representative offered to cook him lunch everyday (she got a crush on him).

### Episode 18 : 命の選択を/Inochi no sentaku o [Life and Death Decisions] — Ambivalence

It's been a few days since Toji's been acting weird. And also a few days since everyone except Shinji (and Kensuke) knew about the Fourth Child. The air seems a bit stiff. Unit 03 has been delivered to NERV and is now going through a series of tests, Shinji still doesn't know anything about the Fourth Child. During the tests, Unit 03 goes berserk — gendo officially assigned it to be the 13th angel, ***Barachiel***, angel of haze, and he commands to eliminate Unit 03, even with the pilot inside. It's up to Shinji, Asuka, and Rei to stop it. Rei and Asuka have been disarmed (lol) and Shinji and Unit 01 are the only one left standing. Gendo commands Shinji to destroy Unit 03, without him knowing who's inside. It tried to strangle Shinji, he refuses to fight back because there's a person inside. Gendo commands to cut the synchronization between Shinji and Unit 01, and replace the circuit with the Rei dummy plug. Unit 01 then moves on its own, without Shinji controlling it, and strangled Unit 03 back until its neck breaks. even after the neck breaks, Unit 01 proceeds to crush its head and rip it to pieces, blood splattering everywhere. Shinji is still inside Unit 01, begging the attack to *stop*. Unit 01 then grabs a hold of the Unit 03 entry plug, with Shinji looking at it — screaming and begging — then Unit 01 crushes it, with Toji still inside. Later, Shinji has a meltdown as Misato finally told him who the Fourth Child was. 

### Episode 19 : 男の戰い/Otoko no tatakai [A Man's Battle]  — Introjection

Shinji was angry at Gendo because of what happened. He planned to destroy NERV in his outburst but was then made unconscious by the increase of pressure in the LCL. Shinji was charged with criminal offenses and he took it head-on and stone-faced, saying he doesn't want to pilot the EVA anymore. I guess you could say Shinji ran away again, but for good reasons. He felt betrayed by his father for what happened. He wasn't scared or anything, but people kept telling him he was running away again. An angel arrived just as Shinji was leaving for wherever he was going to. the 14th angel, ***Zeruel***, the angel of strength, has a chonky body and shoots lasers from its face which melted 18 layers of the geofront's armor in one blast. Gendo commands to have Rei pilot Unit 01 but it rejects Rei (but Gendo says it was rejecting "him"??). Rei says she can  pilot Unit 00 because even if she dies, she can be replaced (??). Asuka, on Unit 02, on the other hand, kept firing at the target but doesn't do any damage. The angel severed Unit 02's arms, which pissed Asuka off. She went and attacked the angel head-on, but the angel severed its head off — its head landing on the evacuation site where Shinji was. On the other hand, Unit 01 also rejected the dummy plug. Gendo stands up and leaves everything to Fuyutsuki. Shinji and Kaji meets up accidentally in the middle of everything, with Kaji watering plants and Shinji witnessing the scene. Kaji kinda gives Shinji a pep talk as Rei, in Unit 00, tries to do a suicide bomb attack on the angel (but fails because the angel has unlimited armor). Shinji runs back to NERV as the final armor of the Geo-Front has melted. He declares he is the pilot of EVA Unit 01 and begs to pilot it. As the angel enters the main shaft, where everyone was, Shinji attacks the angel just as it almost fires its laser. Except Unit 01 reached its activation limit just as things were getting hotter. The angel took the leverage once again as it tries to destroy Unit 01's core, which seemed to be protected by a shell. Shinji becomes desperate as he screams and tries as he might to make Unit 01 move. A pulse beats inside the EVA, something heard Shinji. Just then, Unit 01 activates, becomes berserk, with sync rate over 400%. Ritsuko said "She has awakened." But who? Unit 01 went and ran on all fours, and proceeded to attack the angel — and ate it. The "bindings" of the EVA, which was originally the armor plating, came off, which revealed what the EVA really is, in its truest form. Ritsuko says that those were restraints that allow them to suppress the EVA's true power. 

### Episode 20 : 心のかたち 人のかたち/n: "Kokoro no katachi, hito no katachi [Of the Shape of Hearts and Humans] — Weaving a Story 2: oral stage

Seele is discussing the damage that has been done to the EVAs and the HQ, and talking about how it's all not part of their script. Unit 01 is being held restrained for the time being, as it's inactive, with Shinji still inside. When they tried visual contact on the pilot, Shinji was gone. Ritsuko says that he became one with the EVA or something, whatever that means. Misato became angry at this and slapped Ritsuko again lol. EVAs aren't just copies of what they found in the south pole, it's imbued with human will, which makes it different. Ritsuko has a plan to salvage Shinji in his quantum soup form. However, we see now that Shinji's still conscious inside the EVA, and as conscious as he can be, he battles again with his deepest fears and desires, as if the EVA is making him see everything. The EVA is beckoning Shinji to become one with it — one body, one mind, one soul. This might have a significance in the future. On the outside, NERV tries to retrieve shinji but is having trouble with it, as if Shinji is "refusing" to come back. What does he truly desire? What is his deepest wish? As Misato cries for Shinji, he suddenly appeared butt-naked on the ground from the EVA. What made him come out, we don't know yet. Misato went and slept with Kaji again after everything. 

### Episode 21 : ネルフ、誕生/Nerufu, tanjō [The Birth of Nerv] — He was aware that he was still a child.

NERV's Vice Commander, Fuyutsuki, has disappeared and held captive. It was speculated that Kaji is the culprit for this, so Misato was investigated. Turns out, Fuyutsuki was interrogated by Seele, not the committee. Flashback to when Fuyutsuki was a professor at some kind of research center/school, where *==Yui Ikari==* — shinji's mother — is a student at. They both got acquainted — then comes *==Rokubungi Gendo==* in the picture, some kind of dangerous, hot-headed, yet ice-cold man. Turns out Yui and him are dating, which Fuyutsuki was baffled by; he's not very fond of Gendo. Fast forward to the events after the second impact, Fuyutsuki works at the ruined city in the Ashi prefecture as a doctor. Then he was made to come to Antarctica for a formal investigation commissioned by the UN council. There he met Gendo again, who's now Ikari Gendo, as a member of the Katsuragi research team, and Seele. Gendo and Yui have a child now. Also, while he was there, Fuyutsuki meets misato, who's now wounded, physically and mentally. Anyway, Fuyutsuki got suspicious of Seele's true motives and it turns out Gendo, and all of Seele, is behind the Second Impact and the ***Dead Sea Scrolls***. They were the cause of the Second Impact, whatever they did. Fuyutsuki confronted Gendo, then Gendo showed him something; an underground cavern, made by people before them, as if they're getting ready for another impact. There they meet Akagi, Ritsuko's mother, who made the Magi system. They were making an EVA; a being made by man from Adam, as a part of ***Adam Revival Project*** (project E): EVA Unit 00. Gendo offered Fuyutsuki to be part of the team. Some several years after that, Misato and Ritsuko meet and became friends. At that time, Misato is seeing Kaji. All three of them became friends. Year 2004, Hakone, Yui passed away (which doctor Akagi wished for, for some reason), then Gendo changed: he created the Human Instrumentality Project, the ascension to godhood. Year 2008, doctor Akagi and Gendo had an affair, which Ritsuko saw. Then Gendo brought a child along with him, Ayanami Rei, which has an uncanny resemblance to the late Yui Ikari. Anyways, the three parts of Magi were finally made: Casper, Baltazar and Melchior — the three parts of doctor Akagi (Ritsuko's mother). Just then, Rei meets doctor Akagi. Rei calls her "old hag" because she says that's what Gendo calls her, which pissed her off. Then she strangled Rei, who died of strangulation. Then she committed suicide. Back to present, Kaji sets Fuyutsuki free, then they escaped to wherever Fuyutsuki was held captive. Kaji meets someone, then a gun shot was heard. Misato goes home looking forlorn. She pressed play on a voicemail, Kaji's voicemail, who said his last goodbye. Misato broke down and cried. Shinji saw her crying, but did nothing and hid away, because he believed he's just a kid, he can do nothing. 

### Episode 22 : せめて、人間らしく/Semete, ningen rashiku [Staying Human] — Don't Be.

Asuka's mom committed suicide when she was still a child. But before that, her mom was already bazonkers — talking to a doll and treating it as if it was Asuka. Asuka didn't cry when her mom died, she said she's gonna think for herself from then on. Lately, Asuka's sync rate is on a downward trend. She's having trouble with her psyche. Anyways, it was reported that construction of EVAs up to Unit 13 have begun on different locations in the world. Asuka seems to be pissed off and annoyed with Shinji for surpassing her, again. She is angry at the world, she hates everything and everyone — but most of all, she hates herself. Her pride is in pieces, her performance is suffering. The famous elevator scene happened in this episode where Rei and Asuka is in the same elevator with quietness and tension looming in the air for a long while. Rei talks and says Asuka has to open her heart to be able to operate with the EVAs better, because EVAs have souls. Asuka got pissed off at this, and then mocks Shinji again — then Asuka calls Rei a doll/puppet because she always does what she is told. Rei says she's not a doll. Then Asuka slaps Rei. She is close to having a meltdown, or she's already having one. Suddenly, an angel appears: the 15th angel, ***Arael***, angel of the birds — a glowing, winged angel. Rei and Asuka were sent to fight the angel, leaving Unit 01 and Shinji in suspension after what happened. Just then, the angel shoots a beam of light on Asuka, resulting in a mental contamination to the EVA's pilot. Asuka's deepest traumas and fears all came rushing into her, she is literally going crazy. Though she refuses to retreat. Anyways, Gendo commands Unit 00 to use the ***Lance of Longinus*** to attack the angel at a long distance. Misato counters this by saying contact with Adam and an angel could potentially cause the Third Impact. Gendo kept quiet, Misato realizes this must be a lie — contact between Adam and an angel did not in fact cause the Second Impact. Unit 00 enters Dogma underground and took the Lance of Longinus impaled on "Adam." "Adam" then grew its bottom half. Rei shot the lance and the angel has successfully been destroyed, then the lance is aimlessly orbitting on Earth, and there is no way to get it back. Shinji greets asuka and that he was glad she's okay. Asuka got angry and said she'd rather die than be saved by Rei. The episode ends with her screaming she hates everyone. 

### Episode 23 : 涙/Namida [Tears] — Rei III

Misato's depressed, Asuka's depressed, too, and staying at class representative's house — Shinji's all alone. Gendo's at the hot seat being interrogated by Seele because he ordered the usage of now-unattainable Lance of Longinus to defeat an angel. In the middle of it, the 16th angel appears: ***Armisael***, angel of the womb, a ring-shaped glowing angel. Unit 01 is still in suspension, so what's left are Rei and Asuka — with Asuka on standby, still depressed. The angel attacks Unit 00 and Rei, in an attempt to fuse with it, and it's succeeding. Asuka in Unit 02 was sent to rescue Rei, with precise orders from Misato. But then, Asuka's sync rate with Unit 02 is at single digits, she's fucking falling apart. She was sent back. Back to Rei, this "thing" with Rei inside her consciousness wants to become one with Rei, offers to become one with rei. Then Unit 00 grows a clusterfuck of limbs, which garnered zero reactions from them. Gendo lifts Unit 01's suspension then sends Shinji out, who seems to be in good spirits. The angel attacks Unit 01, makes contact with it, with Shinji. Then he uses a prog knife to stab it, it screamed — in Rei's voice. A bunch of Reis emerged from the angel, wanting to become one with Shinji. Rei then does something with Unit 00, which pulled the angel back to her, she erodes the AT-field along with the angel, with the intent to die along with it. At Rei's last breath, she saw Gendo smiling at her, she shed tears. Before they exploded, Unit 00, formed into a huge Rei, with a halo on her head, reaching out to the sky, with a baby voice — then they go *kablam*. A search team, along with Ritsuko, went to find Rei's body, if she survived. They found the entry plug, but what they found they decided to keep classified then disposed of everything else. I wonder what the hell happened. But then something else happened. Misato got a call: Rei was alive and well. But she was acting strange. She didn't know she saved Shinji from the angel. It's not that she doesn't remember, it's that she doesn't know — because she was probably the "third one" — now what the hell does that mean? We don't know yet. But it appears that this Rei can feel emotions too. Anyways, Gendo escaped Seele's interrogation for Rei by instead offering Ritsuko, butt naked, in front of old men. What for, who knows? Anyways, turns out, Kaji left a little something something for Misato: a capsule, containing a chip, which could lead to answers, or more questions. Things are getting hotter. It seems that Seele is planning something: using the eight new EVAs to destroy New Tokyo-3, for the promised day, the future of mankind. Then, Shinji gets a call from Ritsuko, saying she removed his restraints so he can go outside. Ritsuko takes Shinji somewhere, but her card got declined, unless Misato does it (she appeared). Altogether, they descended the HQ to learn secrets. In there, they saw bones of the first EVAs from 10 years ago. That was also the place where Shinji's mom disappeared, which he allegedly saw according Ritsuko. Ritsuko clicked a switch, then 100,000 Ayanami Reis appeared around them inside the glass. The source of the dummy plugs, the many different parts of Rei. Ritsuko relayed the story and it went like this: man found god, and attempted to make him theirs by resurrection, which resulted to Adam. Man imitated god, and made people from Adam, which resulted to EVAs. EVAs are humans but without intrinsic souls, just human souls embedded in them. The only vessel that contained a soul was Rei, she was born with it. The original rei was gone. What surrounds them were just empty vessels and Ritsuko is gonna destroy them. A blood bath ensues. Ritsuko was garnering mad feelings about it, because she is the same as her mom — she has mad feelings for Gendo, which is fucked. 

### Episode 24 : 最後のシ者/Saigo no shisha [The Final Messenger] — The Beginning and the End, or 'Knockin' on Heaven's Door'

The episode opens with young Asuka finding her mom's corpse hanging by the neck — lovely. Present day Asuka finds out the Kaji's gone (Shinji told her) — pleasant. She ran away, but found after 7 days. Everyone seems to be gone and everything's kinda stale, like the calm before the storm. Shinji meets the Fifth Child, *==Nagisa Kaworu==* — Shinji blushed (my little homosexual). It seems Kaworu's past records have all been erased, and he was provided by the committee so something's definitely up with it. During the sync rate test, Kaworu apparently exceeeds expectations. He syncs well with Unit 02 even without reconfiguration, and it's suspicious. He was smiling throughout. Kaworu meets Rei (the third). He mentions that they're the same, both of them ended up as the same form as the "lilim" (possibly meaning mankind). That was a weird encounter. Shinji and Kaworu went to have a shower together in an *onsen*. Kaworu points out that shinji avoids intimacy, he goes on to say how humans can never be not lonely because they're human. Then he holds Shinji's hand, saying his heart's fragile. Then he tells him he loves him. Time is running out, as both Seele and Gendo have been saying. Gendo says once the final angel is defeated by them, then their wish will come true, calling Yui's name. We see a flash of his hand and we see his palm is deformed and with an eye on it — this might have a significance in the future. Anyways, Shinji spent the night in Kaworu's room. Shinji tells him intimate things, then he wonders why he's telling Kaworu this. Kaworu smiled at him and said "Maybe I was born so that i could meet you". I wonder what that meant. Kaworu speaks with Seele. Seele says that there is one man who is trying to obtain power equal to that of god. Lilith is the progenitor of mankind and the false successor from the black moon, Adam is the progenitor of the angels and the true successors from the lost white moon. Adam's salvaged soul exists in kaworu. But adam's resurrected body already exists in Ikari Gendo. Seele entrusts their wish to kaworu, which he says that that's his purpose there. Misato meets with Ritsuko and asks her who the Fifth Child really is. Ritsuko says he's likely the final messenger. Just then, Kaworu talks to the EVA Unit 02, calling it Adam's alter ego and servant of the lilim, beckoning it to come with him — to where, we don't know. Then he hovers. HQ has been alerted, an AT-field has formed, pattern blue: it's an angel: the 17th angel, ***Tabris***, angel of free will, with the soul of Adam. Shinji in Unit 01 was sent after Kaworu. He was feeling betrayed. Kaworu says he doesn't understand why mankind uses EVAs, who came from the body of Adam, same as him, as a means of survival a.k.a. fighting the angels. He says he could merge with them, if only they didn't have souls. He also says an AT-field is the light of the soul, that everyone has in their hearts. Unit 01, Unit 02, Shinji and Kaworu reaches the bottom, heaven's door is opening. HQ lost contact with them but they detected another AT-field near the barrier around Terminal Dogma, then it disappeared — then the camera flashes to Rei. Kaworu arrives in fromt of "Adam" crucified to a cross, only to find out it's actually ***Lilith***. Just then, Shinji defeats Unit 02. Unit 01 grabs Kaworu, Shinji asks why, then Kaworu says it's his own destiny to continue to live even if it may result in the destruction of humanity. But he can also die here since life and death are the same for him. Shinji doesn't understand A THING he's saying. Kaworu tells Shinji to kill him, or else they will be the ones who will die. "*Only one life form will be chosen to survive the time of destruction and be given a future.*" Shinji hesitates for a long time as he held Kaworu with Unit 01's hand. Then he crushes Kaworu, decapitating him. Shinji told Misato that Kaworu loved him and it was the first time someone told him they loved him. He said Kaworu should be the one to survive and not him. Misato says only those who has the will to live survive, Kaworu wanted to die so he died. She says Shinji did nothing wrong. Shinji told her she's cold. 

### Episode 25 : 終わる世界/Owaru sekai [The Ending World] — Do you love me?

Extreme mental gymnastics of the evangelion characters. Shinji wants love and emotional connection because he lacked supply of it from his parents. Asuka has separation anxiety and the fear of not being needed or validated. Rei doesn't know who she is and exists only for a selfish purpose (why Gendo created her in the image of Yui). The Human Instrumentality Project begins: the end of the world. Or rather, the end of individuality. Its main goal is to turn all souls into one, in order to fill the void existing inside every single human. In this way, everyone sees the deepest darkest secrets of everyone. Shinji sees that Misato has issues herself and also wants to be loved. He sees that Asuka's mom wanted to kill her and then herself.

### Episode 26 : 世界の中心でアイを叫んだけもの/Sekai no chūshin de "ai" o sakenda kemono [The Beast that Shouted 'I' at the Heart of the World] — Take care of yourself.

Here we see the case of Shinji Ikari and how his soul struggles to go according to the process of the instrumentality project. We see that Shinji has abandonment issues and sees running away from something painful as a sign of weakness, so he refuses to run away. He believes he is worthless and so he pilots the EVA to seek his worth. It turns out, Shinji, Asuka, and Rei pilots the EVA because they believe they have nothing else. The world that exists after the instrumentality project is a world with nothing in it. In exchange of getting rid of negative emotions and traumas, you are also getting rid of happiness and pleasure. You have nothing. There is nothing tangible, not even your thoughts. This is what complete freedom is like. Shinji is just now realizing what it all is. He is offered two choices: a world where there is complete freedom and nothing else or a world where there is hate, anger, pain, and suffering but also with the existence of true happiness and individual thoughts and emotions. Here we are presented with an alternate reality: a reality where everything is normal. No EVAs or angels. Shinji having a normal relationship and life with his parents. Him being Asuka's childhood friend. Rei being a normal teenager that shows emotions. Misato being a carefree teacher in their class. Everyone lives a considerably happy life. This is a possibility that Shinji sees and considers. but what does he truly want? By the end of it, Shinji finally chooses. He wants to be here. He wants to learn how to love himself. He wants to be himself... and then the glass breaks, Everyone applauded, congratulated him. He thanked them. And so, the anime ends.