status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] [[limerence]]

I might have jinxed myself. I dreamt of CJ today, it was that kind of dream, again. For fuck’s sake. I’m gonna tell you about it. The setting was at a random school. Probably a university. I was in class, or with some friends. Then I saw CJ’s Instagram story, she was at some place, I brushed it off, I go about my day. I was strolling around the school, when I noticed a familiar spot in one of the buildings. ‘*It kinda looks like the one where CJ’s at,*’ I thought. Again, I brushed it off. Naomi was there, though. I go about my day again. Suddenly, Naomi came rushing to me. She said “She's here! She’s here! She wants to see you!” I asked her who. She said it’s my ex. I froze. ‘*What the fuck is she doing here?*’ I thought. The world stopped in that second. My blood pooled at my feet, I felt cold. But then I complied. I followed Naomi to where CJ was at. I was suddenly conscious of myself, of my face, my height, everything. Then I saw her standing there. She saw me. She came rushing at me, attempting to kiss me. She hugged me. She held my hand. She smothered me, telling me how glad she finally saw me. I was still frozen. I asked her what she's doing here. She said it's kind of an internship. She was wearing business attire. I understood. After her internship and my class, she offered to take me home. I agreed. Surprisingly, she owned a motorcycle and she drove it. I was like ‘*Shit, that’s fucking hot*.’ and that I wish I know how to ride a motorbike, too. I rode at the back, hugging her, while I told her the directions. Later that day, when I went home, we chatted for hours. I thought it was an amazing day and a start of something new. The next day, CJ still has another internship day. I witnessed how much of a passionate hard worker she was, everyone admires her. Guys flock around her and girls want to be her. I ask myself ‘*What the hell does she see in me?*’ She was so fucking pretty, too. Fuck, I’m falling for her again. Afterwards, we rode on her motorcycle again, and we went to a mall. We ate, had fun, watched a film, and acted so much like a couple. We didn't have a label, we just knew. I was so happy, I was the happiest I can be. This was what I wanted all along. Few days passed, and we were inseparable. My family had an outing, some place in Cavite, I think. I brought CJ with me. I didn't introduce her as my girlfriend, my family just knew, and they acted like it's the most normal thing. I was glad. I can only remember the car rides where CJ and I would sit at the farthest side at the back and just hold hands and be touchy with each other. My family doesn't mind. I think we stayed at a resort for some time. CJ told me about her internship and colleagues, and how there were guys who had a crush on her. She said they were going to Capitol Commons on Monday morning, along with the guy (her ex) surnamed Los Angeles, who still likes her. I said what the fuck I was gonna be there during that time, as well. Obviously, I acted out of jealousy. I wanted her for myself and I didn't want anyone else to lay their eyes on CJ. I sulked for a little bit and then she kissed my cheek repeatedly as she laughed lightheartedly. Then, near the end of our trip, we went to a mall in Cavite. Before we went there, I wore black pants, black shirt, boots, a leather jacket and some shades. I looked really cool. My family complimented me and said I looked like a rockstar. Anyway, Tita Jane was there. She said we can get anything we want, as long as it doesn't exceed 1000 pesos. We hastily ran around the mall to find stuff. I got a bunch of notebooks and sketchpads. When it was time to pay for them, mine didn't cost much. I was glad. CJ was just there cheering for me. Then we stayed at a restaurant to pass time. CJ and I were sitting together on a table with my siblings. Then I got up and said I needed to go to a restroom. CJ went with me, of course. I almost went inside the male restroom. When inside the female restroom, there were women taking a bath, and we can see their heads in each cubicle. There was one cubicle vacant, so I went there. The toilet seat was filthy, but I had to go. I pulled down my pants and peed. Suddenly, I felt wet. On my head. Like water is being poured on me. I can immediately tell it was the woman next to my cubicle. But I really had to finish my pee. I was getting soaked, but I was still peeing. Afterwards, while soaked, and with the naked woman magically in the same stall as me, I confronted her by pinning her to the wall, asking what her problem was. She just laughed. The dream ends there. 

Now to interpret my dream. Obviously I dreamt of CJ because my limerent feelings acted up yesterday when I got very anxious because she didn't view my Instagram story, even though she posted on her Instagram story, meaning she opened the app. She might be busy, or deliberately didn't view my story, or has me on mute. Either way, I shouldn't’ve cared so much, but my limerence took over me and I was upset. So I dreamt of her wanting me. My limerent feelings manifested by fulfilling its wants: CJ being touchy with me, reconciling, wanting to be with me despite my flaws, even though people are lining up to be with her. But these limerent feelings are coming from my desire to be wanted romantically. Not just by CJ, but from any girl I would be interested in. It is because I am lonely and feeling empty. The naked women in the stalls taking a bath were interesting. When water was poured on my head and I confronted the woman, it felt like that woman was me. And I was pouring water over my head to wake me up from my dream. And that dream is this dream of wanting to be with CJ again. The limerent me, which was the one with CJ in the dream, was angry because I was trying to pull me out of it. The two of me inside of me are fighting. I hope to God the real me pushes through. No, actually, it's me who’s typing this right now and not the limerent me. I’m going to win, no matter what, I’ll stop being limerent.