status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] 

So, uhh, I listened to music for an hour or two in the morning then fell right back at sleep. I woke up at noon and immediately started studying. I finished 3 Algebra 1 units. Then, I did calisthenics. I had to, I've been skipping for days now. My older brother isn't at home so I used his laptop. Basically, I just listened to my playlist while I organize my RYM list. Then, I read a book for less than an hour. It's about how to read a book. If I can take away a few things from it, it's that there are two types of reading—reading for information and reading for understanding—the latter is the goal of the book. Reading is kinda like listening to a teacher, someone is communicating something to you. But it's not a passive process, it's active. True learning comes when you think (and understand) what's being told to you. Then, there are 4 levels of reading: Elementary Reading, Inspectional Reading, Analytical Reading, and Syntopical Reading. Elementary reading is basically putting meaning to every word you read, not yet understanding relations and whatnot. Inspectional reading is kinda like skimming through the book and getting a general idea of the content. Analytical reading is where almost all the bulk of the work happens. You'll ask questions, you'll get asked questions, you'll have a conversation with the author, you'll know the complex concepts that are being presented, etc. Syntopical reading, I haven't really gotten anything to relate it to from what I read, but it kinda has research involved or something—might be like doing a thesis. This is the spiritual enlightenment of reading. 

It's annoying. When I don't really care about remembering my dreams, I remember them so vividly. But when I want to remember my dreams, I don't remember them. The last notable dream moment I can capture was me being in the same condominium building as Julia (Almaria). For some reason, we kinda know each other, or like acquaintances. I think I asked to have a moment with her privately in one condo unit. We entered her unit and went outside to the balcony. It was raining, a light drizzle, probably mid-afternoon. Someone was there with us, too, I forgot who, it's a girl I think. I was just looking out towards the city. Then I said "Man, it would be really nice if I had a cigarette right now." Magically, I have some cigarettes on my hand, don't know where I got it. I lit it up (I had matches too), put the cigarette on my lips, inhaled a large amount until I can feel the hotness of the smoke, then breathed out. I felt amazing. The other girl with us said "You smoke? That's cool. I bet you feel good with smoking." and I just agreed. Julia was just there, we never really said anything much to each other—we were just there. We went to my condominium unit this time, where IC was. We entered the unit and went to my room, where IC was, and when we entered, IC was so shocked that Julia was there, too. I guess she doesn't really think we'd ever be together in the same room or even be in talking terms as I've only ever seen her as my crush. To my surprise, I'm very nonchalant about my relations with Julia, it's like I'm completely disinterested with having "crush moments" with her. She just exists, and I exist. Anyway, that was all I can remember from my dream, probably 2 days ago.