status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] 

I was supposed to stay up and not sleep until the interview but I was sleepy when 3 AM came, so I slept for 2 hours before waking up to prepare for the interview. 5 AM, I used the laptop, changed my clothes, tied my hair up, and reviewed for one last time. 6 AM came and I was all ready—the Zoom link wasn't working. I said, okay maybe a few minutes more. I tried entering again, still nothing. I kept going outside my room and telling my parents about the situation. My dad said just wait, my mom said it was strange. I told them this: regardless of the result, as long as I pushed through this application, I want them to not pester me anymore about getting a job because I want to focus on my studies. Mom said okay but dad was silent. He also seemed a little bit pissed off probably because of my unwillingness to see this through. He seemed pretty confident and excited that I'd be getting a job. Anyways, an hour passed, I posted on my Instagram about my situation. Then, I emailed the lady who sent me the invitation link saying I've been waiting and I couldn't access the Zoom link and if there was an on-going call. She replied, sending me the same Zoom link as before. Several minutes more, after persisting to enter the Zoom meeting, I got notified that the host removed me from the meeting. Welp. I sent a screenshot of the notification to the lady and told her I got removed, then I asked her if there will be a rescheduling of the interview appointment or if I'm already not fit for the role anymore. No reply. I decided to just sleep while waiting for the reply. I slept past 11 AM and woke up around 6 PM. There wasn't any reply. I gave up. I posted on my Instagram story again as an update, told them about the situation. If there's one important thing I got from this experience it's that I'm not properly prioritizing my tasks based on my long-term goals. I should be dedicating hours of Japanese everyday and producing artworks because I am aiming to be N1-level fluent in Japanese for future employment and to pass the TDT in UPCFA next year. Instead, I was too focused on studying math and science just because I wanted to study them. So yeah, at least I realized I needed a re-prioritization of tasks and formulated a clear vision of what I want in the future. So I spent the rest of my day practicing some kanji. I also talked to Kanola for some time. My friends liked my story about my short rant about my interview situation and it was strange because why would they like my unfortunate situation? They probably thought I'd get the job or something. 

I dreamt of finding a really old large bookstore just a few blocks from where I live on the internet. The books are as low as 10 pesos, so I really had to go. I asked my dad to take me there with his car. When I got there, it was 5 PM, I grabbed a bunch of notebooks and sketchbooks. I didn't know their prices but I just believed in my heart that they're cheap. I still haven't seen a single book, they're probably in another floor. I went to a floor below us, there were huge doors, which were closed, surrounding the large room. I went down the stairs and then I saw the actual books. I was so excited. However, it was getting really dark in the place. There weren't any lights for some reason. The only light source is the sunlight outside coming from the windows. In a small dark section, I opened my old Samsung phone's flashlight but I dropped my phone and it broke into pieces. I panicked, said "nope" and picked up (more like grappled in the dark) what I think were the parts of the phone, and went to the cashier. I haven't bought any actual books but I figured I'll just come another time. At the counter, my items amounted to 700 pesos but as I was scrambling to find money in my bag, I realized I only had 200. I said, "where's my 1k????" I asked the cashier to hold onto my items as I call my dad outside to pay for my items. The dream cuts there. 

There was another dream about a band and their circle of friends. It was kind of vague but all I can remember was there was a song created by one of the band members' friend and his wife. However, the wife died. And at one of their (big) concerts, they played their own rendition of the completed song and dedicated it to the friend and his wife. I was watching everything in a TV screen, I think, and I just remember having goosebumps, as well as everyone else who listened. I can almost remember the song and how it was played. I could almost recreate it with my mind but it slipped from my mind the moment I woke up. 

Somewhere in my dreams, I was walking home with some friends. We were walking on the sidewalks and in alleyways. There was Tzuyu with us for some reason. She was forcing herself on me. Not exactly sexual assault but she wanted to be with me so bad. Like she was very clingy and pestering me. I was sweaty and really uncomfortable but she kept sticking to me and that bothered me because she'd know I was sweaty, so I sweated more. That's all I can remember. 

The ability to focus is so important, especially in the modern times where everything is served in seconds-long bite-sized content. There's just so much stuff going on in the world that your mind can't seem to focus its attention on one thing for a long time. That's why it's a great skill to have, and probably becoming rare, to focus properly. In that way, you'll be able to actually learn lots, do shit for a long time and make progress.