status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] 

I read about a hundred pages of ***Norwegian Wood*** by *Haruki Murakami* while listening to my playlist. There was this scene there where Naoko's friend Reiko was talking to Toru about how her life turned to shit. It was because a manipulative 13-year-old seduced her, which Reiko admittedly liked, but she stopped the girl by slapping her square in the face. The girl then spread rumors on how Reiko was a raging lesbian and sexually assaulted the 13-year-old. Reiko's life turned to shit. She relapsed, had a failed suicide attempt, divorced her husband and left her kids. Then she ended up living in the Ami Hostel, which has a weird cult vibe to it. Anywas, then, I watched a film called An ***American Crime*** (2007). Two girls where left by the parents in the care of some random lady from church with a bunch of kids. It all ended up to shit though because the lady ended up torturing one girl, Sylvia, by forcing a glass bottle in her vagina, torching her skin with cigarette butts, tying her up in the basement and not giving her food. What's worse is that the lady's kids, neighborhood friends, and some others all joined in the torture, tormenting Sylvia's life even further. And then even fucking worse, the neighbors, hearing Sylvia's screams, never did anything. It was so horrible. I was emotionally invested in the film and I was raging. It made my blood boil. But afterwards I couldn't sleep so my sister and I cleaned our room. I made hot chocolate milk, then fell asleep. I didn't wake up three hours later though but instead woke up at 11 PM, with my chocolate milk turned bad, and a dream that I can't shake off.

Let me tell you about my dream. I'm not sure where to start but I'll try to articulate everything I remember. I was in some kind of school event, I was in a bus. And for some reason, Renson was part of the event and was in another bus, with MJ. Anyway, Renson's bus won the event. I met up with MJ afterwards and we talked about how him and Renson got to talking and told me he was a pretty chill guy. I met up with Renson then while going home and we got to talking about CJ. He told me they still talk, and I said "Wow, sana all." He told me he was sorry and not to be jealous. I couldn't really help it. We also talked about music and which songs I associate with CJ, especially ***Hagkan*** by *Brisom*. I liked Renson, I consider him a friend. He was chatting with CJ on his phone, and when I saw a glimpse of their conversation, I saw that they were talking about me. Renson told CJ how I am such a catch and she can't just let me go. CJ replied saying that she feels the same way about me, too, it's just that she was afraid and she thinks the best thing to do right now is to wait. That made me feel better. It does feel like Renson supports me and CJ getting back together. When we got to his house, I walked him up to his door. The door was a screen door. When he was inside, I saw him told someone, "Someone's looking for you at the door." And when that someone walked up to the door, I realized it was CJ, I immediately turned on my heel and walked away as fast as I could. Why was CJ in Renson's house, I don't know, but I feel like they're also living together now. In a different scene, I was in a high school. For some reason, Renson and CJ were studying there, too. I saw CJ in a classroom, that's how I knew she studies there, and she was aware I was studying in that school, too. But anyways, in my classroom, it was rowdy. But something happened in front of the classroom, outside on the corridor. One kid had a gun. He was about to shoot me but my friend, Harold, jumped in front of me, so he got shot on the stomach. The other kids subdued the kid with the gun to prevent him from killing anyone else. I slung Harold's arms around my shoulders and took him (in a great difficulty) to the school infirmary. We walked past CJ on the corridor, she saw Harold's gunshot wound, and me carrying him. I didn't pay her any mind and kept walking, even though I was hyper-aware that she was there. Eventually we got to the nurse and his wound was bandaged. Next scene, I was lying on the ground at the corridor in front of a classroom. I was taking a nap, using my bag as a pillow. I was aware CJ was there, too, for some reason, and she was with a friend. She kept glancing my way, as if wanting to talk, but I kept silent. When it was time to go home, I gave in and decided to talk to CJ. We agreed to walk home together. And we got to talking. We didn't talk about getting back together. Instead we talked like two good friends; bantering, laughing, telling jokes and stories—like nothing wrong ever happened between us. My shoulder occasionally touches hers, and everything felt good. I told her about songs I associate her with, and she said something about making playlists, mainly about me and us. I felt flattered. It felt really good that I could be this important to someone like her. She left her bag at a police station (but we also got back to the police station later to get her bag). We walked along the street of Pineda, my house was on the farthest end of the street. Then, I felt a great difficulty walking as we reached the middle. It was because I had a gunshot wound on my stomach which was bandaged. I said to CJ, "We should've rode a tricycle." Eventually we got to my house, which I was surprised because it looked very modern and huge. I let CJ in. I called my mom, I saw her working in the garden. I introduced CJ to her and she said, "Who is this? One of your chicks?" I blushed and told her no. Then she added, "She's pretty." I nodded. The dream ends there. If I were to interpet this dream, it's only because I'm feeling lonely again, nothing more than that. This is not some kind of hidden message to rencocile with her again, no. It's just that thinking about getting back together with CJ would mean I wouldn't feel as alone as right now, and because I wanted to feel wanted. Also dreaming about Renson makes me think that I still have at least him as a friend, who fully supports me and CJ's relationship.