status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] 

I woke up late, around 5 PM. I completely ruined all of my plans. Nonetheless, I learned how to draw external obliques (anatomy), did a short punching animation, learned the tarot c*ard The Empress* and read a few chapters of ***Beck*** (manga). I've left my phone charging to 100% for two consecutive days now, I have to be more careful.

I dreamt of Renson earlier. In my dream, he had a new "someone" because he (kinda) broke up with Missy. I went out with him and his new girl. We didn't do much and I felt like a third wheel so I left early. They were going to the huge water event, where most of the people I know were going to. Anyways, I also dreamt of Jia. Now, this was an interesting change because usually I'll dream of CJ this way, but no, it's Jia. I was hanging out with her and a couple of her rich friends. It's clear that I wasn't fitting in but I still tried to be effortlessly in tune with all of them—they didn't suspect a thing, I guess. The whole time Jia was clingy towards me. She'd put her face close to mine, she'd hug my arms, she even said she'll ask me if ever she goes to a coffee shop. We went to her condominium unit, she got quite drunk. When her friends left, I was the only one there (but my little sister was there too for some reason). Jia cried, then hugged my torso. I leaned in to kiss her forehead but she lifted her face and connected her lips to mine. I was shocked but I kissed back—yes, while my sister was watching everything. We stayed there unknowingly while Jia slept. We also fell asleep a few hours later. Eventually, Jia's mom came and kicked us out, she was very mean and scary. We never wanted to go back to Jia's place. Later, my older brother told us about Jia and how she has a lot of guy friends because she keeps getting stalked by people (because she's pretty). For some reason, we also live in that same condominium, just different floors from Jia. Anyway, that's all I can remember from my dream. I didn't dream of CJ. Or I probably did and I just don't remember.