status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[depression]] [[dream]]

Emptiness. I slept all day. I don't have the energy to move. Everything is such a drag. I don't even have words to say. I can't think of anything. Let me tell you about the dream I had earlier. It was the worst dream ever. I was given a desktop computer by my aunt. It was supposed to be for my younger sister but she already has a laptop, so the computer ended up being mine—but I didn't know that reason. One day, I was planning to use the computer all day because I had to do something important. But I just got home from somewhere, I wanted to eat first before using the computer. Just then, my sister asked me if she can use the computer. I said no, because I was planning to use it. She kept insisting she'll just play and she'll be quick, I was still eating anyways, I still said no. Then my younger brother joined in and said I should let my sister play because he wanted to play with my sister, I still said no. I was very stubborn. Then my dad heard the arguments. He got angry at me so I had no choice but to let my siblings play. I was so sour with it that when my two older brothers tried to talk to me about the computer, I ignored them. They told my dad about this and he got super angry. He ordered my older brother to call me (I went downstairs) but my older brother tried to defend me. My father still ended up winning the argument, he was really angry. At this point, I was just numb. Even my uncle joined in, and got angry with me too. My whole family is starting to turn against me. Then I overheard them talking. The desktop computer was supposed to be my younger sister's but she already has a laptop so my aunt insisted to give it to me. They started thinking about how they wanted to convince my aunt to just give it to my younger sister instead because I was being a cunt about it. The thing about this is I was in the wrong, but I still didn't want to admit that. Instead, I just wanted to kill myself instead of saying sorry and admitting I was wrong. I woke up feeling so shitty, even shittier than yesterday.