status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[politics]]

Yesterday was election day and it felt like a dream. Everything was hazy and the atmosphere hang heavily with silence. A part of it was because I was feeling kind of depressed and numb, but mostly it was because a really terrible politician was winning by a landslide. While a very inexperienced politician was winning as vice president, who was in tandem with the aforementioned terrible politician. The two candidates we never wanted to win, were winning, and we couldn’t do anything about it. I was astounded, but a part of me was calmly accepting the inevitable. Some parts of the election may be fraudulent, and people are protesting against it as we speak, but mostly it was all because of my fellow countrymen. There are so many factors that contributed to this win, most of them have already been said—what matters right now is how I feel about it. What do I feel about it?

If that politician won, for what its worth, I saw through the campaign period how there are still hope inside many of us. And despite everything, there are still good people among everyone else, albeit heavily underrated or hated upon. Maybe we won’t see that change we’ve always wanted to see but maybe sometime in the future. May this election sparked the hearts of those craving for that goodness in all of us. All we gotta do is hope, still, because if we lost it, that’s when we’ll know we’re absolutely fucked.

I’m still seeing the events as they pass by as if through someone else’s lenses; disconnected and desensitized—probably the medication ultimately played a part. All I can hear are perspectives and opinions, brokenhearted individuals’ cries and the rest triumphs. I still don’t have it in me to produce great works of art but I’m trying to begin making art again despite my circumstances. Whatever happens, life goes on.