status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[bipolar]] [[mental illness]] [[yea]] 

Being unmedicated—a forever dilemma with my mental illness. Go too high and you’ll burn from the sun, go too low and you’ll drown in the ocean. Being in the middle is less scary yet ultimately less thrilling. Sanity is the price you have to pay for those constant sense of freedom. Often times, as a creative, I’d think that being unmedicated and going out of control opens a door to my soul—I like my art better a thousand times. However, I’m a danger to myself, and sometimes, to the people around me. I ask, “Is it worth living if I can’t even feel my emotions as clearly and intensely? Is it worth to live a long life if I can’t even hear my favorite songs like before, feel love like before, experience life like before, and express the deepest parts of my soul?” These pills turn me into an empty shell of what I’m supposed to be. This “self” that I know now is probably the mental illness speaking, but who’s the real “me” now? Who was I before all of this? Do I still want to be that person?

I’ve been thinking about this for a long time. I ran out of antipsychotics more than a week ago, and I almost want to cry with how much I missed feeling like a human with intense emotions rather than a ghost. But I know something’s bound to go wrong again, haven’t slept for two days now and I’m spinning out of control once more. Though a part of me wants this shittiness more than the stale bread I’ve been consuming. A part of me would rather die bursting in flames than slowly rot in a concealed prison of self. I’m going to see my psychiatrist later, I’m still contemplating on taking medication again. It’s all such a tragedy but I’m wishing you all the best. Somehow, I hope, we’ll get through this.