status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[mundane]]

Today calls for some self-reflection. For the past week I’ve been extra harsh on myself because I couldn’t stick to my routine. Eventually, I just said “fuck it, I’ll do whatever the fuck I please.” and so naturally I’d have a lot of free time because I’m not planning anything. This resulted to me enjoying small things. Yesterday, instead of heading straight to drawing, I went downstairs to the kitchen and saw my mom toasting garlic breads. We were kind of short on money these days so there’s no food but my aunt brought some bread which my mom was toasting. I saw some tomato sauce in the fridge, along with cold cheese and olives so I insisted that we make “*pandesal* pizzas”. My mom and I were just on the counter experimenting with what we have and what tastes good and in that moment, I felt very humbled. Time was unbelievably slow during that time and all I can think about is how thankful I am to my mom and my dad and my family and how we still have food to eat albeit not something really grand. In that moment, I can enjoy the smallest things and think, “I don’t care if I don’t become rich in my life as long as I have moments like this, I’ll be fine.”

Another thing I want to talk about was when I found out I was actually scouted as a kid to be a child actress but I didn’t like people so my parents didn’t go through with it. It was amusing so I tried to tell my internet friends about it and I just felt uncomfortable afterwards for some reason. What kind of reaction from them was I expecting? Something about their responses made my ego deflate and I notice how these things still affect me greatly despite me being in a good mood and me with the belief that I shouldn’t care what other people will think. This ego thing also got triggered when I replied to a tweet saying something in the lines of “You’re not yet following me yet, to a person I find really cool but I just got ignored. I was affected greatly, not gonna lie, even though I know I shouldn’t. I should work better on destroying my sense of ego because it’s destroying my sense of self. Maybe logging off of social media could help or meditating or self-reflecting. Perhaps I need more guidance in my life to be better. I want to be better and not be discouraged because of superficial things. My self-worth shouldn’t rely on what others will say and it shouldn’t be boosted by something shallow as compliments. I have to ground myself and be mindful of my emotions and mental state when interacting with other people. I can’t control what others will say or do but I can control what I will feel and react.