status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

This must be a very rare moment: I am bored. I have done basically everything (almost all of my hobbies) today and I still have a lot of time to spare for the rest of the day. Although, I feel very irritable. I feel extremely guilty because earlier I kind of snapped at my mom. I was just so annoyed over nothing. I was also a bit sleepy earlier but it’s gone now. I want to sleep. I haven't slept quite well these days. Acne on my chin is starting to multiply again. I’m convinced it's because of Pinky and that I haven't washed her for a year maybe. I need to keep it away from my face when I sleep. I have three new emerging pimples on my chin. My friend Jhanna hasn't been talking to me for more than a week. She seems busy or troubled or maybe sick of me. I miss her. Anyways, I feel like a kid again because I’m rewatching ***Shakugan no Shana***. I also feel like that old me from Mabanta compound who have small hyperfixations and doesn't have a care for the outside world. It helps me cope with whatever path I’m taking with my art and my art account. The anime doesn't really hold up to my standards now. It’s such a typical and boring anime. It’s clear that I’m only watching it for the nostalgic effect, which is slowly diminishing as time goes by. I originally planned to watch season 2 and the final season but it’s just so bland and at times, cringey (I hate using this word). I feel like I’m getting dumber as days go by. My thoughts aren't very coherent and I can't think profound thoughts or even express myself in a way that’s eloquent. Or maybe I’m just trying hard to sound smart. I feel like shit, you see. I keep comparing myself to random people. I have this inferiority complex that's disguised as a superiority complex. And one of the people I compare myself to constantly is Renson. That fucking guy, he’s everywhere. I hate his existence for reasons I don't want to admit. We haven't really talked a lot but he's been such a huge part of my everyday thinking, more than I think about my ex, and honestly that’s concerning. I think I’m going crazy with these obsessive thoughts. I even fantasize about the feeling of being with CJ as Renson during that sunrise time when they played badminton and took those subtle photos. It largely reminds me of that time I spent with Naomi during a sunset, it's serene and nostalgic. See what I mean? I can relate so bad to Renson that it genuinely disgusts me. It’s almost like peering closely through a mirror. It’s the image of me but magnified and glorified to intensity. It shows me the qualities I hate about myself. I hate that he exists. Wait, no. I hate that I know his existence and he knows mine. I just absolutely hate it.