status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[poverty]] 

It’s been at least a few days since I’ve been hungry this time of night because we don’t get to eat supper. It’s also been at least a few days since several invitations of going outside and hanging out with friends came at me one by one. I can just feel the sinking feeling of helplessness due to poverty and not having the luxury to even go out to eat nice food. I know it’s always been like this, we don’t really have money to spare to get nice things, I know I’m used to it but it’s days like this that I feel like actually crying because we don’t have food on the table. I’ve been through worse, a lot of the times. We don’t eat for a whole day or we just have noodles or eggs for a whole week, we barely even have rice. It’s come to a point several times that we had to sell our belongings, or whatever stuff we have just to have something to eat. I feel ashamed that I feel like crying because I have more than what I can ask for; I have a house to live in, a bed to sleep in, internet and phone to use—a whole lot of other families don’t get access to these. I’m thankful, yes, but I can’t lie that it’s really fucking difficult to live like this. I haven’t taken my meds for days now and I haven’t been sleeping well, I haven’t been eating well, too. Right now, I’m shaking because I haven’t eaten. I’m feeling dizzy because I haven’t eaten. I don’t have the luxury to go outside and have fun so I’m forced to have fun inside the house. I don’t have the luxury to complain because at least I get to write and do the things I love. I don’t have the luxury to choose what I get to eat. Sometimes, I feel an extreme contempt for rich people because I don’t have what they have but I know that’s petty and won’t do me any good but just induce unnecessary hatred.

You know, lately, I’ve learned just not to take things personally especially when people comment on things about me, for example, my height. They would make fun of me because I’m small but I just realized some factors that contributed to me being like this is malnutrition and depression (staying up late all those nights when I was a kid). Making fun of my height is equivalent to making fun of the lifestyle I had, and still have, and quite possibly my genes, too. All of those things I’ve no control over. With that, I’ve just started not to care and not to take things personally. Sure, sometimes I’m still sensitive about it but I’ll just say to myself: “they don’t know anything about me.” Instead of hating them and their insults, I’m just going to remember that I’m absolutely more than that and it shouldn’t be treated as something of a personal attack. I should never be ashamed of me being broke or my family living in poverty; me still being here, being a student, having a good relationship with my family and friends, living under a nice house (a whole lot better than our previous houses), eating good food sometimes and having really nice relatives, having the opportunity to do what I love, shows how fucking strong I am and I should be very fucking proud of that. I am more than my socioeconomic status, I am more than my fucking height, I am more than this situation I live in. Later on, I will eat food somehow or maybe another day, I still have one packet of coffee—that’s already fucking heaven—and I’m gonna be even more thankful and relishing once I see better days. I’m never gonna wallow in self-pity and sadness all because I haven’t eaten for a few nights, I refuse to let that beat me up. Now, I will watch ***Beck: Mongolian Chop Squad*** and be happily dizzy with a rumbling stomach.