status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[mindfulness]] 

I just realized how much taking a deep breath clears my mind. I feel like a fool, honestly, because how come something as simple as that, only requiring common reasoning, can be so helpful towards negative feelings. I realized the girl I’ve been keeping an eye on unfollowed me on Spotify, after following me for a couple of days. Naturally, or I mean as usual, I felt a sense of panic or anxiety, that I may have done something wrong for them to unfollow me. That's what happens because I obsess over my Spotify follower count like it’s no one’s business. But one thought cleared everything up easily. I took a deep breath and thought, “Eh, who cares. It doesn't matter.” And boy, how it helped wonders. It's literally no big deal. Who the hell cares if I lost my followers, if I lose ALL my followers?  It’s not the end of the world. I will continue on doing my business. I’m not doing these things for them. Sure, it’ll shock me a bit, I guess, but that’s it. No need to get anxious over nothing. It’s a neat little trick; that ol’ breathing, who would’ve known? I’m now gonna use it for every time anything minor happens. I just know, though, that it requires much more breathing in case of terrible events. Hopefully, I get a minimal amount of those. It seems the more I bring a thing’s significance close to my heart, the more I’m sensitive to it. My Spotify is like an extension of myself, naturally I’d be largely affected if something negative happens to it. Same goes with my art account. I should really stop caring a lot and deal with things with an “it is what it is” attitude. I care too much, that’s my issue. Let loose, bro, take a deep breath and just chill. We just here surfin’ through the waves of time and space, no need to get all our panties in a bunch from minor inconveniences.