status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dissociation]] 

Strange. I have all the time in the world and yet despite my never-ending barrage of interests and activities, I am left unable to do anything because I felt like I’ve done everything. I am in the present, aren’t I? Rightfully strange. The only times I’ve felt this way are my visits on the psychiatric hospital. There’s just something about that place that demands for me to be in the moment. Anyways, I didn’t sleep at all last night, I didn’t take my night medication—I didn’t feel like it. 

I cut off what remains of my friends last night; my internet friends, and it was strangely lackluster. But maybe I didn’t really need that dramatic ending I was fantasizing about. It reminded me of that episode from ***Welcome to N.H.K.*** where the protagonist’s friend was trying to stop the protagonist from committing suicide (jumping off a cliff) and he said that people like us, we don’t deserve such dramatic ending. I don’t know, that scene has always been in my mind, maybe he’s right. Anyways, they let me go so easily, no sentimental words were exchanged. So much for preparing a speech. I didn’t cry at all, in fact, I didn’t feel anything. Could I blame the antidepressants? Or was it because I’ve already grieved over it at the start of the month? Perhaps both played a part. What I know now is that I’m largely relieved. I feel free once more. The feeling is oddly exhilarating but at the same time, the loneliness is comforting. I still have my family and two of my friends with me so I’m not completely alone. But I feel like even if the last of my friends were gone, I would’ve been fine either way.

I watched a *Wong Kar-wai* film last night; ***Fallen Angels*** from 1995. It was comforting. I’ve learned not to interpret and analyze a *Wong Kar-wai* film too much now because of what happened with my experience watching ***Chungking Express***. It’s not about what the film was trying to say, or the lack thereof; it’s all about the vibes and what the atmosphere makes me feel. Somehow, the film made me feel like my loneliness is comforting, in a way. It made my loneliness beautiful.

And then I rewatched ***Bardo***. It didn’t give me the same feeling I did feel the first 3 watches but it didn’t matter. This short film is still as important to me as it was before. I will blame my antidepressants for the lack of emotional reaction (not like I’m trying to milk a reaction out of myself).

Lastly, I finished reading my favorite anime’s manga ***Neon Genesis Evangelion***. It’s mostly the same as the series with some parts different but I was still as emotionally invested as with the series. I was still blown away. I was emotional, crying even, by the end of it. The tone of the ending was more on the positive side. It was a symbol of rebirth (once again). Humanity, as separate individuals, was given the choice to reincarnate, if they find themselves and what their heart truly desires—that includes Shinji, Asuka, Misato and everyone else (except for those who have already died). They must live on. And I guess my subconscious knew before me that it was significant to my current experiences. Again, life goes on.