status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dissociation]] [[letter]] 

I’m here just listening to albums, not really for the sake of enjoying myself listening to albums but for the satisfaction of adding new songs to my new playlists. I’m obsessed with playlists, you see. I’m also gonna pretend I’m not writing here because today is CJ’s birthday. Okay, fine, I admit it. These past few days have been… strange. Maybe it's because Jhanna is obviously blatantly ignoring me, perhaps it's because of something I said or she just needed time away from me. I still feel bad if I ever made her feel invalidated. Anyways, the past few days have been weird. I don't feel like a person. Time has been slowly passing but I spend my days sleeping more and dreaming more. I even catch myself trying to fall back asleep just to continue my dream. My dreams consist of me getting into a college and topping exams against classmates. I haven't been studying well either. Maybe it’s the burnout after taking everything—Japanese, Science, Math, Programming—all at once. I’m proud to say it’s been 48 days since I stopped obsessing over CJ’s and Renson’s Spotify and Letterboxd accounts, I’m very proud of that achievement. I stopped wasting away my time scrutinizing every nook and cranny of their accounts like a madman. I still think about them everyday, but now significantly lesser and lesser as time goes by. Baby steps. Well, today is CJ’s birthday, as I’ve mentioned. I thought I would give it much importance considering how head over heels I was for her but I don't really feel anything right now. It's like I’m void of any feeling regarding her. Usually it would ache, or throb a little bit, thinking about the memories. But now, it's just all gone. It’s like I’ve accepted the fact that they're in the past now and will remain there. I will always feel guilty about me abruptly leaving them when our much awaited hang-out was near. I’m really really sorry about that, Louise. I know you were looking forward to it the most. I even told you to ***Hold On ‘Til May*** and there I was, first one to leave as if nothing happened. That was the shittiest thing to do even if staying was a detriment to my mental health. Whenever I think of what transpired, all I feel is guilt and shame towards you. I hope you’ll find it in your heart to forgive me one day. And no, I don't ever want to meet you guys any time in the future, I swear that to my grave. My mind might change someday, nothing is that definite, but I swear it. I hate myself when I’m with people. Maybe until I work my shit out I can then look you in the eyes and see a lifelong friend.