status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[mindfulness]] [[yea]]

You know when you’re in a really shitty situation and time slows down, suddenly you’re chuckling with how ridiculously shitty your situation is then you realize that life goes on, this will pass—but at that exact moment you also realize, like some kind of twisted epiphany, you’re living in the present. Not those times you’re very comfortable and you have everything you need, it’s those times you’re lacking and that you’re falling apart.

At least, that’s how it usually goes for me. I’ve been to the psychiatric hospital, I think, six times since 2019. It should’ve been more than that but due to COVID-19 and financial problems, I couldn’t go there with my mom. But every single time I enter that place, time seems to slow down—and even stop at times. The future doesn’t exist and the past never comes to hunt me. It’s comforting in a way even though the reason I go there doesn’t change; it’s because I’m mentally ill for the rest of my life and that’s something unfortunate I have to deal with. I usually go there with my mom in the morning, we’d ride a van, get off at a mall, ride a tricycle and then walk from the entrance towards the main hospital building. We’d usually wait for hours because there were a lot of patients (the consultations are free), my mom would buy food. Consultations usually last for about less than 10 minutes, get prescribed with medication and then my mom would go buy the medicines for me. Everything goes by like a blur except time slows down. It’s not because I was bored or anything, it’s an odd feeling. That place feels different. Like those times you get sick during elementary school and your mom tells you to just rest and then you just sit in front of the TV watching cartoons while food and medicine is prepared for you. Since you’re sick, you also feel shitty inside and outside, but you feel taken care of and that everything will be okay.

The attitude of “living in the present” is also evident during unfortunate life circumstances; like when we’re always moving houses because we couldn’t pay the rent, or when my parents would make up random recipes from scraps or left-overs because there’s no food in the house and we don’t have enough money to buy food. I remember the cold tired nights every moving of houses. I remember my crumpled school uniform going to school and reading next to a candlelight because we couldn’t pay for our electric bill. I remember the taste of cold never-ending instant noodles because my mom didn’t leave money for food or the feeling of water on my feet because the flood entered our home. I remember those sunny afternoons I read a book while listening to really old music because I dropped out of school or the feeling of lying stomach down on the floor while creating a portrait made out of beads because I had terrible backpain. I remember all those songs I listen to on the radio at night and the e-books I read from my aunt’s old phone that I borrowed because I had nothing better to do and we didn’t have internet. I remember the nights me and my brother would come home late because we had to do the laundry at my uncle’s house because our washing machine broke down and then curfew would come and we’d run to our house. I remember the times I refused to go home because the environment was toxic and I hated my dad so I’d just roam around the streets until 12 midnight while smoking a cigarette occasionally.

It’s weird, I’m not romanticizing my absolutely unfortunate life circumstances because I know for a fact they are incredibly shitty. But it’s those times that everything is shit, are the times I appreciate the moment even better. Those are the “in-the-present” moments that they’ve all been talking about. Not the times that I’m eating at a fancy restaurant or the times I have enough money to buy whatever I want.