status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] 

I can't sleep so I might as well write the thoughts I’ve been thinking that don't leave my brain. It’s either the two cups of coffee I drank or I’m becoming hypomanic again. Lately, the days seem to slow down significantly.. or that I’m too impatient for whatever’s about to happen. I will get my commission money next week, I feel like next week can't come any sooner. My mom and dad’s salary are weeks from now. I will probably get the battery of my iPhone changed by the second week of December. I can't wait to buy my new journals for next year. I can't wait for next year. I don’t know, time just seem so slow these days. I know I’m not living in the moment and I’m not sure how to counter that.

Lately, I’ve been dreaming about my past internet friends and how in my dreams, I always come back to them to reconcile and be friends again. It makes me want to but I know I shouldn't. I watched a video of EsoTarot and she told me exactly that. She said I should trust my decisions of cutting them off because I know what’s right for me and what’s not. I should stop feeling guilty every second I think of what could’ve been. It’s all in the past and I wish I can stop being so nostalgic over times that I make sure won’t ever happen again. 

Earlier, I finished a few chapters in The Odin Project Foundations course. I learned a lot, I think, when I focused on practicing more rather than take time note-taking. I still take notes but only when I think it’s really really important and that I oughta get back to it later. I’m still daunted by the realities of the Computer Science degree, I’m bracing myself for the impact it will ensue once I take a step into that direction, of how difficult of a degree it is. Which is why the required GWA for Grade 10 and 11 in Science and Math in PUP is 90 and that they're only accepting STEM graduates. Yes, I lost the opportunity to apply for PUP. So, I did some research and tried to find schools near me that are, maybe, affordable to my parents. I’ve yet to have a talk with them regarding this so the decision is yet to be made. I still want to pursue Computer Science, no matter the potential of it to completely destroy me.

So, I’m reading a book called ***The Book: On The Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are*** by *Alan Watts* where he’s pessimistic about the realities of materialism and the idea that we can’t know for sure what something is made of because we can't observe them in an environment that’s appropriate for it to exist, we’re altering it by trying to know what it is so we can’t really know for sure what anything even is. He also talked about capitalism and that products get mass produced by people who don't even want what they’re doing and that it’s all about the money. I think about these things and I think about the end of the world. How an asteroid can randomly orbit near earth and eventually hit the planet. How an airplane passing by can crash down our house. How any accidents can happen anytime among my family members which can lead to death and we don't ever see it coming. Death. I don't fear death but I fear it to happen to people that’s significant in my life. I don't want people to die. I don't want the world to slowly but rapidly start to decay and fall on its own demise by an irreversible climate change and fires on every part of the world. I’m scared for what can happen and what’s about to happen yet I can’t seem to stand the slowing down of time. You know what, maybe I am hypomanic. I still can’t sleep.