status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[friendship]] 

the biggest toughest decisions are really the ones that can forever turn my life around, for better or worse. and it’s always when i’m hitting rock bottom. first was dropping out of high school, now it’s leaving social media permanently. yes, you heard that right, folks. i’m deleting all my social media accounts that’s been stuck with me for more than almost a decade; especially the holy trinity: facebook, instagram, twitter.

leaving facebook was fairly easy because i haven’t been using it for a while but it took me a long time to hide all my posts there, now my facebook is purely for messenger purposes. so much memories on there that i probably would feel nostalgic if i was the same person as before, but i’m not. leaving facebook means cutting off everyone i’ve ever known my entire life. and it was easy doing so. yes, i feel guilty but i need to do this. i can be selfish for the last time.

twitter, i didn’t really have much to save in the bookmarks but i’ve met so many cool and nice people out there so i feel a little bummed out for leaving, but it’s for the better. that account has gone through a lot; from a cringe-y 14-year-old’s fan account, to anime account, to a love live fan account, to depression posting, to normal person, to shitposting autistic twitter account. most of my unhinged thoughts are there. it’s been with me through the toughest times. i can’t believe i’ve gotten so much attention and followers on there. probably one of the reasons i left, i didn’t really want that attention. i feel restricted every time someone follows my account. i used to have a kpop stan account where i met the loveliest people that i still talk to today, but i already deleted that, too, for perhaps the same reasons as this time.

on instagram, i have four accounts: my main, my art account, my archive account and the personal personal one. (1) i’ve met so much amazing people on my main, it has gone through a lot. i’ve had it since middle school. i’ve already deleted most of my past posts but if i didn’t, you could clearly see how i transitioned to a socially awkward middle schooler, to angsty teenager, to artsy fartsy musician high schooler, to unhinged mentally ill fucking insane cannot be explained kinda talented amazing music taste coolest person you’ll ever meet young adult. that account was a platform for my self-expression, mostly. that’s where i kept in touch with my internet friends, and then “him”. one of the reasons why i’m leaving is “him”—but more on that later. (2) my art account was a little bit stagnant because i took a lot of breaks. i didn’t have a lot of engagements because i refused to use tags since i’m not very confident in my works. i can let go of it now because i can always be better and show the most sincere genuine art i can create. once i’m better and ready to show the world my heart again, maybe then i’ll make a new one. but by then, i’ll have a new identity. goodbye, ravenality. (3) my archive account is my safest place. that’s where i post all the art i ever consumed and liked. it’s a little consistent project thing that i keep up even if i don’t have an audience, well, except for lou, of course. it was all nice and comfortable until “he” came along and found the account. it was corrupted and i didn’t feel safe anymore. my posting became inconsistent, too, after that. and i was really really bummed out. but now, i rebranded my archive account and blocked “him” from it. i hope he never finds it, but if he does, i hope he gets the message. (4) recently, last march, i made an ultra personal private account where i only follow my siblings and closest friends. i posted small random moments there that were worth noting in my life. i thought it was nice at first until i decided to get off the grid. i archived those moments and decided not to go through with it. these moments can stay inside my head, and sometimes my phone.

now onto the reasons why i’ve decided to leave. i’ve actually been thinking about leaving for a long while, it’s never left my mind. not sure when it started but i’ve fantasized over and over on running away, leaving everything behind and starting over. letting go of all the attachments will give me the peace of mind i need. i have so much deep-rooted issues and traumas that one little touch on those issues will automatically trigger me; hurt me and hurt everyone around me. i’m a ticking time bomb and i need to be detonated—no one’s gonna do it for me but myself. so, reason number one is: attachments. and by attachments i mean getting attached to the people i just met and all my posts.

reason number two is: validation. no matter how much i tell myself that i don’t care about what anyone will think of what i post, i still care about engagements whatever i do. that rush of dopamine is an inescapable addiction—even if i take breaks, i’ll still keep going back chasing the high. i bared my heart open, as much as i can, seeing how vulnerability is the gateway to making memorable connections, but it seems like i abused my own boundaries this time. now, i don’t even want to connect with anyone ever again.

reason number three is: obsession. yes, constantly checking my notifications and getting distracted are two things but MY obsession took the turn for the worst. i had an ex-girlfriend. she’s my friend, turned into lover for a brief moment in time, and then an ex, a stranger and a friend once more. all throughout those phases, i was unbelievably obsessed with her. she barely updates her instagram account (and spotify) but when she does, you bet i know what it was and i memorized everything like the back of my hand. i was like that because i haven’t had anyone who liked me back and showed me the littlest bit of romantic affection for years, i was deprived and lonely and i had terrible attachment/abandonment issues. when we broke up, i got even more obsessed. and then came “him”. “he” randomly popped into my life, i don’t know how he found me, but “he” was my ex’s former classmate. before i continue, all of what i will say are assumptions with huge back-up from my gut feelings. so, i had a hunch “he” likes my ex—no, obsessed with her. and so, my fragile little heart was jealous and possessive over my ex, even though she’s already my ex, so i was obviously wary over “him” and my ex’s past and current relationship. for some reason, “he” found me and decided to pop up in every way possible. “he” probably thinks i’m cool or something. at first, it was nice and all. i mean, that’s what internet mutuals do, right? interact? but then, “he” started finding my other accounts outside instagram. twitter, spotify, letterboxd, you name it. at first, i was extremely uncomfortable, but then relished over the attention i’ve never had before, got heavily curious about “him” and then eventually obsessed over “him” and my ex’s possible interactions. i was almost becoming delusional, i probably was. and i swear, my gut feeling never left me. some moments, i swear i can sniff a REALLY EXTREMELY subtle connection. i’d dub it as coincidences to save my sanity. i know i keep destroying myself by trying to know more even though i know the truth may ruin me but i HAVE to KNOW. it all started coming to shit when my ex decided to bring “him” to our first meet-up as internet friends. i’m not sure why i got excited over what’s gonna happen at first until i started dreading the coming date the more i start to realize and sense the growing connection they have that i know for sure wasn’t there before. it shouldn’t’ve affected me this much because i’m supposed to have moved on by now, i know i have and i’m sure i don’t want another relationship with my ex or with anyone ever again, but the obsession. the obsession gnaws at me like a fat forever hungry parasite. and then, it happened. my suspicions were confirmed. they were together at the political rally, which i know is highly likely considering they live near each other, and i could say they went there as friends but oh boy, how much it affected me. they’re being subtle, as if trying not to show me, and i can sense it. i know they know that i know, and somehow we’re all aware and it all made sense. i think they’re just trying to spare my feelings. come to think of it, i was probably the reason they got closer together. i guess “he” got what he always wanted: my ex’s attention, and i finally got what i wanted, all my worst nightmares basically confirmed in one single night: to know what’s been going on, and what did it cost me? everything. i could take it with a grain of salt and consider them as just being friends, but i won’t take my chances any further because i will be going insane—i knew what i had to do. this was the last straw and the push that i needed. i have to save myself and what’s little left of my sanity. i have to run away. i NEED to run away because this is slowly killing me. they didn’t do anything wrong, it’s all me. i am ultimately the problem and everything that’s wrong with me are self-inflicted (childhood traumas and mental illness excluded). so there, i’ve decided to leave and maybe fix myself, hopefully not kill myself in the process. i kept looking for a better alternative to suicide and here we go, here’s the answer. starting brand new, running away and hoping i never see any one of them ever again for the rest of my life. all they ever do and say, i will feel shitty about myself and i would want to kill myself—it’s that bad. it’s all me, though, they barely even did anything but i was crushed to rubbles down to the ground. and so, i told my other friend about this, she understood. i felt bad but she made up an excuse for me to tell my ex we won’t be going through with our meet-up. that meant the whole world to me. i will do anything and everything for us not to meet, with the help of my friend. i feel bad but this is what i terribly need. i haven’t cut them off yet but i’ve already warned my friend that i’ll be leaving them soon. i’ll give it a few days, a week at most, then i’ll call them up to say goodbye.

this has gotta be the greatest grandest heartbreak i’ve ever experienced, and it really had to end with a bang. i hope this will be the last that’s this bad for i will be keeping what’s left of my shattered heart deep inside my chest, never to see the light of the sun again. i’m terrified to the core to get attached and have my heart crushed once again. i’ve already gone through and currently going through enough ton, i cannot handle even more emotional stress that’s being brought to me whenever i’m with people. i’m afraid something inside me will snap. for now, i’m keeping two of my closest friends who i will be communicating with on telegram. i’m also keeping my spotify (and yes, some of my friends are my mutuals there, too, but i don’t mind if they stayed) and my letterboxd (even if “he” is there, hopefully i won’t feel “his” presence at all). i’ve built such an empire on those accounts that i can’t just leave it. i’m also keeping my youtube account (hopefully they haven’t found it but even if they did, i can’t be bothered there) and my youtube cover channel. i’m just hanging on high hopes they will leave me alone on said platforms and forget about it eventually. yes, forgetting. they will forget about me eventually but i will probably never forget about them. i’m just a brief speck of dust in people’s lives, i come and i go. but i will be left burdened with all the memories that i know will come haunt me forever in my dreams, yet only in dreams they must stay.

i will still continue updating this website, this is kind of all the evidence that’s left of my existence. i don’t want to be the greatest and i won’t be building legacies, even if i do, it won’t be under my name. i don’t want recognition or an identity. i want to exist as quietly as possible. i’m starting today.