status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Christmas is nearing. Let me just start by saying I’m kind of looking forward to it just because I will have the chance to flaunt my fashion sense and leather boots. Also the Christmas money from all my aunts and uncles. Lately, I finally have the drive to study and managed to continue without procrastinating. I’m still behind schedule but that’s okay, it’ll do for now. My mind’s kind of in an all-time high because I want to do everything at once but I’m at a standstill. This is because my mom’s late churchmate’s kids are staying at our house—they're at the mall with my brother at the moment—but once they come back I’d feel anxious to keep them company, especially the 7-year-old kid who requires attention at all times. I thought they’d be gone by morning but I was wrong. Now, I’m trying to find something to do that doesn't require much focus like studying so that when they come back I can shift my attention from one thing to another. I have few options: reading a book, watching a film, or listening to an album. Studying is ruled out because that requires focus and I can't focus if there are strangers in the house. My back’s also a bit fucked so I need to lie down for a while. I’m planning on reading ***Man’s Search for Meaning*** by *Viktor E. Frankl* maybe I’ll go do that. I could also watch Youtube for a while but that would count as procrastinating. I need to achieve my goals before the end of December, which are: finish watching all seasons of ***Adventure Time*** and finish reading ***History of the Filipino People*** by *Teodoro A. Agoncillo*—that’s basically it. I also have to buy new journals but I don't have the money yet. Also, I need my phone battery replaced (but I don't have the money yet). Time’s so slow yet I need more of it. Once January enters, I’d be a brand new person—it’s probably my favorite time of the year, aside from Christmas, my birthday, and New Year’s. Oh, additionally, I started studying Japanese again so that’s nice. I’m planning on sticking with it every single day because I can't afford to forget stuff—that’s not the key to fluency (of course it isn’t). I just wish I can do more. I know I always doubt myself and I always feel like I’m never enough but I really wish I can do more. Or maybe, feel like I’m finally doing enough. But it's never enough. I can never be enough. Anyways, that 7-year-old kid (Joy), my younger sister and I watched a movie ([REC]) and the kid was very talkative and squirmy (because she’s a kid) but I was slightly annoyed by it because I wanted to focus on watching but she kept asking questions. It made me think about how I’m not really good with kids. I don't know how to deal with them and I don't know what to say to them. They're too fragile and curious and all over the place—I just can't. I can barely stand a sensible human adult, what more if it's a 7-year-old? I’m just not really cut out for it. I hope I never encounter one again the rest of my life. And it doesn't fucking help that kids somehow like me. People tend to like me and want to be friends with me—which I absolutely despise. I wish they don't approach me and get to know me, I’m just minding my own business and I hope they do too.