status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[art]] [[creativity]] [[school]] 

I tried a different sleep schedule today where I wake up at 3 in the morning instead of 6 and started my day by listening to albums. I found that I have much more mental clarity and focus which makes me actively listen to the music and form opinions over it rather than just listening to it passively in the background, finishing it, and moving on to the next.

I would want to maintain this schedule, see where it will lead me. I will sleep by 9 at night, only having six hours of sleep because I really don’t feel like I need more than six; eight hours of sleep is just pure deception. I’m writing this down while listening to *Nine Inch Nails*’s classic ***The Downward Spiral*** and I can see now why it is very much favored by many.
–
I ditched 2 classes today. All because I wanted to draw and listen to music. This particular act of rebellion stemmed from watching the *Vincent Van Gogh* movie last night, it ignited a flame in me that I didn’t have before. I want to create. I want to make art. I want to indulge myself in all art forms and be art. I deemed going to school pointless but I must admit it has been a rather abrupt decision, I wasn’t thinking of the consequences because in my mind, in the grand scheme of things, one day of cutting classes won’t make much of a difference.

A wave of rationality washed over my face like cold water in the morning as I wake when I re-sent an email to a university I wanted to apply a scholarship for. It has been my mistake that I didn’t check the previous email and thought I already knew the content of it even though I missed one crucial part; they weren’t offering any scholarships for my preferred course. That single moment made me realize something. I think I’m the shit, don’t I? I’m probably becoming too arrogant, pretentious and heedless with my abilities and what I’m capable of. The content of my email to the university probably sounded rather displeasing for the admin to reply in an equally displeased tone. I was suddenly conscious of my decisions, I haven’t been thinking today at all. But when I wasn’t being rational, my creativity skyrockets. They’re like 2 sides of the same coin, I can’t have both when I flip it. There seems to be no balance whatsoever between my supposed career-oriented life and my creative pursuits. I felt rather stupid as I stand there realized I completely missed a whole day of school willingly without achieving anything substantial whilst other people out there is doing something profoundly useful which I think was pointless. I’m in a fight against myself.

It’s funny how I’m borderline romanticizing the life of a starving artist ever since I watched that movie. Is it because I identified with Van Gogh too much or do I just want to be like him? Do I crave the passion he had or do I already have it? I feel like at some point I will have to do a series of consistent awful sacrifices to get to where I want to but it would be rather stupid to waste away the opportunity to finally graduate high school in pursuit of an underdeveloped vision. But I’m thinking too far ahead, I’m worrying too much. This is just one day of skipping and I can probably cram everything tomorrow.

Did I benefit anything from me skipping class today? Probably finding out I can draw anything. Did I lose anything? Probably a few tasks that I needed to do along with my groups. I am in the middle astral plane and I’m floating listlessly without a purpose nor direction. I wanted to be here in isolation but it’s not helping me in the long run. Am I gonna be rational or should I trust my instincts? Should I face these last few months of school or run away from responsibilities once more to remain in my sanctuary? It feels like my bubble is sensing an impending danger and all I can do is curl up to a ball and be a coward. Why couldn’t they just let me leave the Student Council? Why can’t they just leave me to my own devices? This honestly just boils down to me not liking people and responsibilities one bit. Everything that I’m doing at school feels so utterly painstakingly pointless but I have no choice, if I want to finally finish high school after 2 years of not doing anything. I only have to finish 2 terms and I’m done. I just need to hold on.