status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[bipolar]] 

I feel silly and frustrated and vibrating with excitement. I just can’t maintain a routine for the life of me. No matter how hard I try, I really can’t. Even if I have a stable sleep schedule and medicated, I still can’t. Even if I have a daily to-do list, I still tend to focus on other things besides the important things I have to do. I don’t know if it’s because I have too much hobbies/interests, either hypomanic or depressed, I just can’t maintain a routine for the life of me. It’s not even an issue of discipline because I can be very dedicated when I set my mind on something yet I’ve been trying for years and I just keep failing. I feel restrained and caged whenever I follow a routine but I know how important it is to have one because I’m bipolar. It’s so frustrating. Should I just stop trying? Recently, too, I have this innate feeling that something is wrong with me other than manic depression. I’ve been suspecting autism but a psychiatrist rudely shut me down on it before I even presented possible symptoms. Now, I’m thinking of ADHD or OCD. There must be some reason why I hyperfixate on things, mainly my unlimited interests and hobbies, and can’t maintain a stable life at all. OR MAYBE, not everything is a disorder/mental illness. I don’t know what’s normal anymore because sometimes what I consider normal actually isn’t and bam, I actually have a mental illness. Is it the coffee? Coffee is the only thing that keeps me moving (and it’s probably a serious addiction but well, it’s not always that it affects me intensely like today). Caffeine, though, is probably one of my triggers for hypomania. And sleep deprivation is for mania. I should be studying Japanese right now however I can’t help but also listen to a podcast and write down my thoughts like right now. I always say I work on random bursts of energy, and it’s true, there might be something else to that or I’m just overthinking things again. I need to stop being such an obsessive little fuck. Or I’ll just accept that I’m like this; a mess. I’m as happy as can be and I feel like dying. Should I just stop trying to keep my shit together? I mean, I should keep my shit together but like, organized chaos is sometimes okay? I haven’t been depressed (like depressed depressed) for a while now, maybe it’s because I can handle my thoughts better now, but sometimes I think about killing myself in the future eventually. The thoughts could be persistent yet on the outside, I function like a hypomanic fool. I like saying “but” now and the different variations of it. It’s because I always contradict myself. I can’t find Japanese films I want to watch. I perhaps need a torrent now but I only watch on my phone (so that I can document it). Sucks that media is hard to find; art shouldn’t be this hard to find. If I give up now on any kind of routine, what will become of my everyday to-do list? Maybe for my meds, skin care and my IG song stories? Those are the only things I’ve been consistent with—and I intend to have it that way. I guess I’ll just give up on consistency. Fuck greatness, it’s frustrating. I’ll just do what I want, whenever I want, however I want.