status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[anxiety]] [[school]] 

Crippling anxiety—that is the theme for today. Tuesday was the day I finally decided to suck it up and go attend classes, I found it to be a mistake, but a beneficial one. I skipped class yesterday (Monday) because I didn’t want to deal with people. My anxiety has gotten so bad that I do anything just to avoid socializing and being actively “friendly”. I hate it. I hate it so much, it’s a problem.

First subject: Research Project; we were tasked as a group to create our own business. These are two things I absolutely despise; socializing and entrepreneurship. Goddamn how I wanted to just sink into a hole and remain there for quite some time, maybe hibernate a bit. All the time my brain was operating only on two cells, I felt so utterly dumb, I was having a brain fog. Second subject: Business Ethics; we had to present our case study and I was the one who presented. I was shaking, trembling so badly while speaking in front of the learning facilitator and the class. I was sweating bullets, heart pumping out of my chest threatening to come out. I was stuttering every three words, I felt chills all over my body.

It was when I noticed I was very much underperforming. I wasn’t working at my highest efficiency, I was barely doing the minimum work and it’s eating up my conscience. I could literally feel myself becoming dumb and dumber by the second. I can’t continue like this. I know something’s wrong with me and it’s gonna be a long process before I overcome this. I know I shouldn’t run away again but I can’t help it. It feels like my skin is getting peeled off my body inch by inch every time I have to talk to people again. I was also added to a group chat in Twitter by a random mutual and I tried my best to talk there but I still find myself avoiding opening it every time someone replies. My crippling social anxiety is starting to consume me and ruin my life—alongside it, my confidence and self-esteem crumbles. I can’t live like this. I just want to be a normal person.

On top of that, it’s so hard for me to fall asleep every night. I feel like I’m manic again but my pills are helping me maintain it. But I still can’t sleep. My everyday routine and plans are getting ruined once more because of how terrible my insomnia is. I’m finally embodying my mental illnesses, I used to be such a normal person with friends. I still got friends and I appreciate them for that (even though some friend groups are a little bit rocky and distant) but I’m quite pleased that they decided to stay beside me.

I want to write a book. I could compile my journal entries and turn it into a book, publish a single copy for myself or something but I don’t think my entries have any substance; all I can talk about is my life. I want to research and fill myself with beautiful words to make essays or write short stories, a novel and some poems. Also, I want to work more on my art, put on paper everything I can think of. I have this unquenchable thirst to create. But I just don’t have the time because of school. I’m starting to care less and less of school because I want to devote my time and energy towards creating everything that I think of. I want to be better. I wish I can wake up to my alarms. This website is my sanctuary, I can say anything I want and no one will care at all. I could probably also create video diaries on top of this so I can practice my speaking skills.