status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[friendship]] 

I’m about to fall asleep, my eyes are heavy so this will be fairly quick. I have two things I want to address. First is about Michaela. Yes, Michaela from my 10th grade English class who I sat next to. I don't remember why we were sat together but I do remember that I stuck to that seating arrangement until the end of the school year. We have grown fairly close and have hung out a couple of times. Fast forward 2020, we kind of had a confession time where we both admitted that we’ve thought about going out with each other but just didn't go through with it because it might ruin our friendship. I chose CJ over her. Fast forward again 2 years later when I decided to cut off everyone. She saw my tweet saying goodbye and she asked if we can hang out one last time before I go, I refused. She sent me a song to remember her by. On my birthday, she greeted me on one of my Youtube videos and ever since then I kept dreaming of her and thinking about her and how I maybe regret not going out with her or hanging out for one last time. It makes me sad. It makes me feel lonely. Especially these days that my daydreaming and fanfiction-reading are at an all-time high. The characters in my daydreams are slowly becoming… me. And it’s saying a lot about the state of my ego. Which leads me to my next subject: college. Earlier, I was browsing through a selection of dormitories in Intramuros just in case I get accepted in PLM. But my wishful thinking was cut short when I found out I have very little chance of getting accepted if they use admission rankings instead of an entrance exam. I’m not very confident with my grade 11 GWA (which is 92) and I believe they only accept around 96 - 100. I can't enroll in TUP too because the course that I want only accepts STEM students (just like in PUP), so my last chance is at UMak. I feel horrible having so little options and no guarantee that I can get into any colleges. It makes me feel bad about myself, how I’m not enough, I can't be enough and I haven't worked hard enough. It made me think about being incompetent and useless in the near future. I put myself on a pedestal, basking in superiority but in truth I’m just this inferior low class actor who’s not even cut out for a background character. I don't want to wallow in self-pity but it's what I’m feeling. Jhanna’s got it easy, she has a 98 GWA in grade 11—she can get accepted anywhere she wants. I’m a fuck up. I can't even socialize with people properly, nor do I want to. I don't know. I’d like to say “whatever happens, happens” but that’s easier said than done. My actions and inactions will always have consequences. I feel sick to the core knowing I have this much freedom only to also have the power to fuck up my life.