status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]] 

hello. hi. i’m in a limbo. i don’t really know what to do and i don’t feel like doing anything—but i want to do something and i just have to do something. so, i’m listening to an album called ***brother, sister*** by the band *mewithoutYou* which was recommended to me by a discord mod who messaged me on discord saying he found my spotify account and playlists awesome. i recommended him *car seat headrest*’s ***twin fantasy*** (the 2018 version) in return. anyways, i’m just gonna type here whatever comes to mind even though my brain’s all soup at the moment. i had quite a talk with my best friend last night about me going under once more in a depressive episode, coming down from a manic high. i ended up venting some things, asking if she has ever felt like a fake; faking everything for most of her life. i also confessed to her that i have a feeling i’ll die young; either by a stupid accident or suicide. it’s probably my depression talking but i’ve felt this way even when i’m manic. i don’t want to die, i have so many things i want to do. but i’m scared of what i’m capable of. i’m afraid this illness will push me to the edge and i would have no other choice but to succumb to the sweet hands of death. change topic, i always feel a tinge of excitement posting on my instagram accounts, especially my personal archive one. i’m determined to post there everyday and it feels nice knowing that it’s mine and i can post whatever the fuck i want without people commenting on it. it’s weird that i’m starting to gain a number of following—i gained 17 followers in the past week. i wish for my account to just stay on 100. i get nervous sometimes when i post stuff that’s different (here we go again with the people pleasing haha). it’s raining right now. speaking of people pleasing, i’m still not where i want to be artistically. although, i am really inspired by unconvential artists i admire, something is still holding me back from going completely crazy in self-expression. it feels like i’m reaching out as far as i can but the thing i’m reaching i just can’t get. maybe it’s because i still don’t know what’s my reason for creating. does there have to be a reason? i just want to express myself. no, i HAVE to express myself—or else i’ll burst and combust. i can’t sit still if i’m not creating or doing something artistic. i recorded another song earlier; ***your call*** by *secondhand serenade*. i like my cover channel at the moment; with only 30 subscribers at the moment, i hope it stays that way. that saying, i want to record outside. go to a park and record myself singing, or just talking to the camera (then post it on my secret video diary channel). yesterday (and today) i feel like shit mostly. i keep thinking about [redacted] and how he’s everywhere. i feel like he knows cj’s my ex or something, i don’t know. i get triggered every single time i feel his presence. i talked to my friend about this and she’s sorta mad because he’s invading my privacy but i just don’t buy it, i guess. i get flashbacks all the time, even dreaming of it everyday, of that time “i found out.” i feel shitty about it. and i feel even more shitty because i feel shitty. like, what right do i have to feel this way? no matter what i do, i can’t justify my feelings. so what if they were together? so what if he likes her and she likes him too and they hang out? that’s clearly none of my business. or maybe i’m this way because, like it or not, i feel a sort of similarity to him. it’s weird, i know, but i feel connected to him somehow and that pisses me off really. i see myself in him and that irks me. thinking that cj probably likes him too, when she broke up with me, just crushes my ego probably. i hate it. i hate everything. i hate myself. i’m the major reason why my friend group broke up, it’s because i left them. and one of the reasons is because of “the day i found out.” i often imagine what could’ve happened if i let the movie date push through? everytime i go to a mall, i frequently think of the possibilities. would they find me annoying? ugly? short? awkward? i will never know, and i’m glad it’s that way. i miss them so bad but i hate myself when i’m around them, when i’m around people. comes right back around, y’know, about me not being authentic or genuine. i don’t know, right now, i guess i’m just waiting for time to do its job. i’ll feel shitty as long as i can be and i will still dream about it, about her, about him, every night. the memories will forever haunt me, the regrets and mistakes will forever taunt me. i hope i never see them, meet them or talk to them ever again in the future—even though i wish i did just for one time.