status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[ramblings]] 

I’m writing here because I neither want to get up to my wreck of a workspace right now from the aftermath of hypomania nor open the lights as it’s 2:10 AM right now. I’m in the middle of reading a long and seemingly well-written SaChaeng fanfiction but I just can’t focus properly. My mind hasn't been clear for the past couple of days, I don't really know what’s wrong with me, honestly speaking. I also haven't been sleeping well at all as I’ve ran out of antipsychotic medication which helps me sleep—I still haven't gone back to see a psychiatrist. Well, let me start with me posting on Reddit and having a couple of people suspect I have ADHD. I don't really know if I have it because I’m probably just hypomanic or manifesting the symptoms and I’m too tired to get a proper diagnosis. But I can see the tell-tale signs of ADHD lately that aren't necessarily hypomanic symptoms; thoughts flying out of my mind before I say anything or attempt to do something, forgetting what I have to do as soon as I plan them in my head, stuttering, very short attention span, chasing short-term gratification and dopamine highs from fixations, having a hard time paying attention to details (especially in art), heavy procrastination and lack of motivation. I wouldn't say I’m depressed because I am feeling talkative and energetic—maybe I’m having a mixed episode? I’ve been taking my sister’s antihistamine pills to help me sleep at night but it's difficult to work, I still find it hard to sleep so I just won’t drink them tonight. I’ve been fixated on binge-watching Twice videos on Youtube, reading Twice fanfiction and daydreaming intensely for the past three days—the addictive things I usually do to feel stimulated ever since I was a kid. I haven't been doing my chores at all, still haven't done my mountain of laundry and only showering every two to three days. Yesterday, we went to my nephews’ birthday party at McDonald’s. I actually had fun because I was a bit hypomanic but as soon as we’re going home, I could feel that familiar heavy terrible feeling in my gut every time I finished socializing. I also realized something big about myself tonight that I just had to let out. I’ve been fantasizing meeting my internet friends, especially CJ, in the future. I’ve also been fantasizing being with this random girl on Instagram who likes all my posts and stories who resembles CJ in ways I make it to be. I don't want to ever meet or talk to my internet friends in any way in the future nor do I want to have some sort of connection with that girl on Instagram whom I haven't even talked to. That's the problem; I am the problem. I have so much fucking issues which I’ve always ran away from. I’d rather live a heavily isolated life because dealing with people is the trigger to those issues. I have cut off everyone in my life except my family because I think I don't want them to be affected but it's just me deluding myself that I can work on myself better when I’m completely alone and starting anew when really I'm just running away again. I have problems with self-esteem, I have absolutely none of it, so I get extremely jealous of people who have it and avoid them even though I know they worked hard for it. I’m dirt poor, I don't have a job nor am I going to a university at the moment so I get extremely jealous of people who are well-off academically and financially so I avoid them. I’m extremely insecure about my height that I’d rather not be friends with people to not let them mention anything about my height. I am a person who escapes responsibilities at all costs so I’d rather people not know me at all to not judge me. I believe I’m very incompetent so I’d rather not know people to not let them depend on me nor expect anything from me at all. I get very obsessive, dependent and heavily attached to potential romantic partners that it would absolutely DESTROY my entire being if they reject me so I get scared and refrain from talking to them. Not to mention the biggest issue is that I’m mentally ill and it keeps me from maintaining anything at all. Basically, my number one coping mechanism is self-isolation. When my emotions reach a certain extreme and these thoughts get really bad, I would actually think about killing myself rather than deal with these problems because I get easily overwhelmed by them. But killing myself is running away again. I don't really want to die. I just want a way to escape this.