status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[depression]] [[introspection]] [[mental illness]] [[art]] [[adulthood]] [[hobbies]] [[friendship]]

This sinking feeling in my stomach has gotten worse and worse with me further spiraling down the rabbit hole as the stress and anxiety continued to build up due to online classes and talking to people. I’ve come to a point where I’m on the verge of a mental breakdown and so I finally say enough is enough. If I can’t go on, I can’t go on. I need time to stop and reassess. I need time for myself to restore my mental health to its functionable condition. I’ve been trying so very hard to focus on school but I only end up becoming more and more exhausted which then reflects on my ability to achieve pleasure from my hobbies. I can’t enjoy shit anymore because of this. The antidepressants are probably not working and it may or may not have been making my mental state even worse. Everyday is suffering, my creativity is dying out, the pressure is on, isolation looming overhead. What am I gonna do now that I’ve decided to take 2 days off from school? My cognitive ability to make decisions and plan is at an all time low. I’m trying to get advice on the internet or for strangers to just tell me what the fuck to do but I can’t find any. Every suffering is subjective and I can only find out if I just show up everyday and find it on my own.

This world is unforgiving for people like me who has to live with mental illness for the rest of their life. Every basic human function is infinitely more difficult than for an average normal person. For instance, going to school feels like torture, as a person with social anxiety and manic depression. I can excel at one point and then fall down the next. I’m never stable, I’m always changing—I can understand if it’s confusing to most people. Because of this I find it ever so hard to make friends, furthermore to stick to a consistently good performance in school. There will be days where my mind and body will just refuse to function, how can I explain that to them? How can they know what I feel and be sympathetic to my condition if they haven’t really gone through what I’m going through themselves? All I can do is just sit back and regain strength once more, I’m fighting for my life each day. I’m very lucky if I can stay calm and reposed for a couple of weeks, I might’ve taken those days for granted. But in days like this? I just can’t. I have to isolate. I need to isolate, or else I’ll just break down yet again.

I have been struggling with my art these past few days (or more than a week now). It’s kind of like an art block except I have lots of art ideas that I haven’t done because they keep slipping out of my mind. Why am I not putting my ideas onto paper? Pressure. Expectations. They’re still fucking here even when I repeatedly told myself I won’t let this unending urge to please imaginary audiences get to me. But it still does! Why do I care what they think of my art? My Instagram art account is supposed to be just a gallery/archive of my art journey. It would be much easier if I just don’t show anyone anything. I don’t really have to, y’know? But I know it kind of won’t do me any good, I guess? The ‘not-give-a-fuck’ mindset should be engraved in my mind. If I start thinking no one cares at all, I shouldn’t care, too. It would only be a pleasant surprise if someone admitted they do care. With that being said, I should set aside time for me to daydream or replenish my art ideas in my mind before I actually attempt to make art. My ideas should be fresh in my mind for me to replicate it physically. I shouldn’t be pressured to create digital works if I find it hard to even materialize my creativity. Technicalities and medium don’t matter, it’s the idea and emotions that matter.

I’m not really struggling with friends lately because I have two friends that I talk to on a daily basis and that’s more than enough for me already. I intend to make them stay in my life for a long while. But what’s bothering me the most are my “kinda” friends. My former classmate friends and my internet friends. Both of them just feels very distant. My former classmate friends, to be very fucking honest, it’s hard for me to care about their lives. That sounded very very harsh, they mean very well but I just can’t connect with them the way I want to. I feel like they don’t understand me that much and they’re not really interested (which happens because I suck at maintaining connections and being interested, I’m too self-absorbed). I just can’t make the time to dedicate it to hanging out with them. They’re my friends because it was convenient that time. I’m thankful for them but I don’t think they have the opportunity to know the real me anytime soon. On the other hand, there’s my internet friends. This case is the opposite; why do I try so hard to make them like and accept me? Why do I hope that someday they will become interested to be actually friends with me even though they seem uninterested when I talk to them? They’re like me in the situation with my former school friends; they don’t seem very interested in talking or hanging out. There’s a kind of barrier that prevents me from further developing a friendship that’s slowly fading now over time. Both of these friend groups, they’re friends only in passing. They have their own lives, they don’t value this friendship (whatever we have going on) as much as I do. They don’t make time to talk about stuff and get to know one another at all, because they have their own lives, just like me. I want to be friends with my internet friends but they’re barely here. I want to be friends with my former classmates but I’m barely here. I’m caught in the middle, I’m lucky I have two very close friends and that’s all that matters, I just sometimes wish there’s more.

I am a 20-year-old young adult who just passed the end of their teenage years. I’m supposed to be acting like an adult now, but I’m not. I can’t take on responsibilities like a sensible person, actually. I need assistance, I need my mom, I can’t even make a fucking phone call to set an appointment with my psychiatrist. This also reflects in school; I’m a student council officer but I run away from my duties. I run away from groupworks and everything that requires me to act like a functioning citizen of this society. How can I get over this wall that seems like it stretches upwards forever? I’m not ready to be an adult, I’m never ready. I will die if my mom dies. Sometimes, I just want to go to the future of my life just to see if I’ve gotten by, to know what kind of life I live. When do I begin to feel like an adult? I’m still a 12-year-old kid stuck inside a body of a 20-year-old. I feel ashamed that I don’t know a lot of things I’m supposed to know by now. At this point, I’m just too afraid to ask. I’m always afraid of what might happen, and so I run away again.

If there’s one thing I’m addicted to and has kept me going everyday; it’s my hobbies. There are four main hobbies that I do almost on a daily basis; (1) Listen to music, (2) Read books, (3) Watch films and (4) Make art. To say I’m obsessed is kind of an understatement—I live and breathe my hobbies, they’re all I can think about, they’re the loves of my life and nothing and no one else can compare. With listening to music, I listen to albums everyday, and then listen to my playlists, and then create playlists. With reading books, I read every other day—approximately 100 pages (1-2 hours of reading) a day. With watching films, I watch only every other day, too, because I don’t really have time to watch a film and read a book on a same day so I do them alternatively. Lastly, making art. I know this should have a spot in my everyday routine as something that will take up a lot of my time and I know this should be a priority but I just really like doing the other hobbies too much to leave them out. I barely have time anymore to think and contemplate about my life because of these but it’s all I have. I don’t care about anything else if I have my hobbies with me. They’re starting to become hyper fixations now. I am 100% willing to drop school just to continue with my hobbies however I need to graduate and get a decent job to level up my hobby experiences—that’s the opportunity cost (something I have to sacrifice for the benefit of another thing).