 status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[school]] [[relationship]]

I’m making this entry for yesterday’s events. During 21st Century Literature, my partner is the Student Council President. Which (I thought) would be awkward because I haven’t shown up to any of the meetings in the Student Council ever since I disappeared for a week last year. I’m fully convinced that she hates me and doesn’t want to communicate with me whatsoever but to my surprise, she’s very accommodating and approachable. She was talkative during the whole session while making our poem, she even talked about the books she was reading at the moment. I was worried for nothing. She might actually still hate me though and just doesn’t show it but I’m glad I got through it somehow.

Also, last night, we watched a movie again, this time with Louise’s friend, Yana. Christine wasn’t there for some reason, she wasn’t responding to our messages. Originally, we were going to watch a musical, my favorite musical *Raul Esparza*’s ***Company*** and I wanted Christine to be there for some reason because I feel like she’ll appreciate it more but alas, she wasn’t there. I was almost panicking but then Louise had difficulties with the Rave app so I quickly suggested that we watched another (since Christine won’t be showing up). We watched ***Alien*** (1979) but we were just talking all throughout. I couldn’t quite focus on the film so Louise and I just talked near the end of the film. There was a consistent topic during the film; if I was still hung up on CJ or not. I believe I was being the most truthful by saying that I do have moved on. But if things are different and if it’s okay to try again then I will, although I don’t have plans for it anytime soon. I don’t want to be in a relationship right now and I’m okay with this kind of set-up: just friends. If there was someone else then I won’t mind. And no, this is not me convincing myself, there are far too many factors and reasons for me to not be in a relationship with her again. It just won’t work. But then again, if someday life allows it, if I’m in the right place as well as her, I would be willing to try again. Just not now.