status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[agoraphobia]] 

Heya, it's been a while since I typed here on my digital journal. Not much has happened really. I just want to type down my thoughts as I don't have anything to do (kinda). I’ve been waking up late ever since the psychiatrist increased my antipsychotics dosage from 5mg to 10mg. On Monday, we’ll go see a psychiatrist again and I plan on telling them the situation. There's also another situation I’ve been meaning to tell them; my agoraphobic tendencies. I always fear I’ll throw up or have a panic attack when going outside, sometimes it will end up actually happening, other times I’m thankful it doesn't. But it's a problem I don't intend on avoiding as I know it'll get worse. I also have to mention my social anxiety. I tend to shake uncontrollably when nervous around people. That's not a good thing to have on the long run. I’ve been romanticizing my future lately. I watch day in the life vlogs of college students from all around the world, and day in the life vlogs of software engineers. I aspire to be like them and it makes me very excited to study in college with a Computer Science major. I know I shouldn't downplay how difficult it is, and I’m not. I know it's going to be hard and I can't just willy-wally my way around it—I have to face it head on. I think I’m slowly giving up on creating art, too, as I’m busy studying math and science. If worse comes to worst, I’ll stop it altogether. Man, it feels like breaking up. I’ve kind of given up on playing music and singing, too. I just don't have the time for it anymore. Anyways, I haven't found much colleges that have a low tuition fee or that offers 100% scholarship grants. My best bet is P.U.P. which I have to enter no matter what. And if possible, I think I’ll transfer to U.P. (for some reason I feel called upon to do that). I seriously hope I can get into P.U.P. somehow. That's all I can do for now. I retook the DOST exam reviewer that I did a couple of months ago. From 115 out of 203, now, I got 139 answers right. I’m only barely reaching the middle of my studying course (which is digging into all of Khan Academy’s courses)—I have plenty more to do. I’m taking my time and not rushing, as rushing would mean skipping some parts and not letting the information sink in deeper. I’m serious this time and I’m passionate (as per usual). I haven't done my laundry yet, it’s probably been a month now, the laundry shop has too many people each time, and my mom probably doesn't have money yet. I hope I can do laundry soon as my clothes are starting to pile up more and more. I also hope I can wake up early tomorrow. Or the next few days. Or everyday. I hate my meds for making me wake up late, it’s messing up my sleep schedule. I’ll go watch a couple of Youtube vids and read a book now, byeeee.