status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I didn’t go to school today once again. I couldn’t care less if there was an event or some shit. I’m here listening to *My Bloody Valentine* and I’m kinda pissed because I woke up late again. Speaking of waking up late, I kept going back to sleep because I had this dream that I has been bothering me (nothing new) and it’s about someone liking me again. I keep having these dreams with the same theme, it’s getting annoying. So basically it starts as a manifestation of someone liking me through my ex-girlfriend. We talk on the phone and chat about random stuff (it’s Halloween for some reason) and then we meet; it’s not my ex, it’s a different girl. We hang out and had so much fun together, we laugh and talked until midnight. I said “I’m gonna go outside past midnight.” She asks, “Where are you going?” “Somewhere peaceful, wanna come?” I replied. She nodded her head and said, “Yeah, I don’t have much of anything to do anyways.” And that filled me with such adoration to the girl. She’s not my ex. I can see her face and it’s a different face. To say I wasn’t pleased would be a lie. I kept trying to relive that dream, a part of me somehow wanted it to be real even though in real life, I don’t really want to be in a relationship. I guess it’s true what my friend said, “We all want to be wanted.” There’s an ounce of truth in that statement, probably a profound truth at that. Listening to *MBV* further solidifies that idea. I love shoegaze, honestly, although I haven’t listened to a lot because I’m still listening to albums on my pending ‘artists-to-listen-to’ list. It’s like the best genre to describe my personality; dreamy, ethereal, romantic, bittersweet, melancholic and noisy. Now that I say that, I should probably put off listening to everything right now, there’s no rush really. I want to listen to albums that I want to listen to, not what I have to listen to. I want to watch films that I want to watch, not what I have to watch. With reading books, it’s fine because I already made a list of what I want to read and I’m going to stick to that. It feels nice not going to school again and my mood has progressively improved, not gonna lie. Eventually, I will have to go back to school. Skipping classes won’t do me any good in the long run. I know I’m putting off school just to self-indulge but it’s helped me a lot in regaining strength. It’s a habit that’s very difficult to shake off of me; it’s more like a part of me now.