status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[school]] [[pessimism]] 

it’s my graduation day today. i’m at the zoom meeting where the ceremony is being held, everything’s so formal and proper. right now, students are being called one by one—i’m just waiting for my turn (a long way to go). they’re calling out each student’s awards, too. all i can think about in my head is pure negativity. the sentence “*what a load of bullcrap*” echoes in my mind over and over again. i want to get this over with so i can go about my day (or sleep. i haven’t slept yet, i recalled). everything’s just so… scripted and plastic.. and fake. there’s not a trace of sincerity or genuineness here. i hate events like this. congratulating students for slaving away for 10 months, preparing them for what? another several years to slave away? all these inspirational speeches and hashtags can't save a kid from drowning, from what’s out there. and what of it? these kids think they done something nice for once. well, yeah, they survived, i guess. anyways, i’m just being really pessimistic right now. i feel sour all over and i can’t stop it. i’m not really cut out for this mold they’re trying to shape me into. although, oh, my name got called, i did got awards. excellence award – silver, and domain proficiency in english and business. that’s something, considering how much i struggled this school year. and oh, how i struggled. fluctuating extreme moods in periods. started the school year ultra active, engaging, sociable and overachieving. i joined the student council, i gained friends, i keep reciting in class. then the following year hits, i was out of meds, i crashed down like a kangaroo KO’ed by a brown grizzly bear at a paw fight. couldn’t talk, couldn’t show up, couldn’t participate in group activities, preferred to do most large projects alone because of unbridled shame. i literally ghosted everyone in class, including the student council. anyways, i’m surprised the school let me get this far without completely paying my tuition in full. we’ll see if i’ll get my diploma on october.