status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[anxiety]] [[school]] [[boredom]] 

Yesterday, in Philosophy class, we had to present an impromptu speech that we made last year. I was a little bit late because I was absent for a week last year. I was so nervous and anxious that I couldn’t sit still, I couldn’t relax, I can feel myself shaking and trembling. One by one we were getting called to present in front of the LF (Learning Facilitator). When it was my turn, I was so nervous that I was literally shaking so hard that I was grinding my teeth. My ears were burning and I was trying hard to control my breathing. While presenting, I had to resort to looking at a script because I was too afraid I’ll mess it up. The LF may or may not have noticed I was reading a script but I didn’t care and he didn’t ask. He didn’t have much to say about my speech, just something about my introduction (which I got from Google) and he searched it and there it was, word per word. That was probably a mistake, I am ready to get deducted but damn, I could just probably learn to chill? It’s not the end of the world and it’s not a matter of life and death so why am I so neurotic? I should probably raise this concern with my psychiatrist, I noticed that my social anxiety is getting terrible again. I avoid all social situations like a plague. Do they have medication for the physical symptoms of anxiety? That would very much be appreciated.

–

So I was reading this particularly interesting book about, well, how to never be tired and I was expecting some kind of preachy rant about “just rest” and “don’t overwork yourself”—I was surprised that it was actually the opposite of that. I’m only on page 100 but basically what it says is that most of what causes fatigue is barely physical and most definitely not mental overwork, it’s boredom. It’s not much of the incapacity of work but the desire to work that’s making us tired. We’re unwilling to do work most of the time, and that results to all these physical symptoms of exhaustion. And no, we’re not imagining it, it’s as real as it gets; it’s just that our mind is a powerful thing that holds and commands every part of our body. We have to learn to control it. There are also other factors for fatigue, namely: worry, indecision, fear, a sense of inferiority, etc.

Comparing this to all those times I felt tired after doing so little and not feeling tired even after a whole day of physical strenuous work, this actually makes sense. I didn’t want to believe it as this book is from the 1940’s but it’s actually backed by various studies and experiments by countless psychologists and psychiatrists. There’s really no such thing as exhaustion from overwork, it’s from boredom and the unwillingness to do what you have to do.