status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[mania]] [[ramblings]] 

I haven’t written anything on June because there’s really nothing to write about. My days are consistent yet stagnant. I do my hobbies as usual, and I’m doing better at it but it’s not the same as right now. I ran out of antipsychotic drugs at the start of July. A different kind of drug came in replace to that. I still have antidepressants and I’m glad it’s working however I’m starting to become manic again. I’ve only been sleeping for 2 hours a day, my thoughts are racing, ideas keep flowing, impossible feeling invincible, godlike beliefs, plans and goals suddenly emerging from nowhere, creative hyperdrive, ADHD-like focus, can’t stop making playlists, i’m-better-than-anyone delusions, can’t stop talking, insomniac fatigue, schedules disrupted, consistency ruined. I know I’m spinning out of control but god, how it feels so good right now. All of it is addictive. I feel so good I don’t feel like taking my medication anymore—at least the antipsychotics. I need antidepressants, they help me not crash back down thrice as hard than the high. I feel like motherfucking Van Gogh right now and I feel like living up to his name, abilities, insanity and overall life quality. I wanted the shittiest artist life as possible, I’m romanticizing my life to be manically terrible. I know I need help but I don’t want help. I only need help when I’m suffering. I’m aware I’m suffering but I’m yet to feel the effects and consequences of it. I’m the most creative than ever in my entire life. I can draw anything and I want to create, and create, and create, and create. I posted my manic sketches on bipolar subreddit and it gained attention. They told me it’s like Kurt Cobain’s journals and Daniel Johnston’s drawings. I feel so honored as two of those people are people I look up to because of the way they make me feel very understood. One redditor reached out to me and asked my socials to follow me because they felt so inspired by my sketches. Another dm’ed me and asked me to do an album cover for them in the future. They even sent me an EP of them to listen to which they made when they’re manic. I’m so thrilled and touched and overwhelmed by all the attention, my anxiety’s telling me not to respond to any of the comments, and I didn’t, only those who messaged me directly. I’m starting to feel what it feels like if I actually followed what my heart and soul is saying, and the people are listening and understanding—the feeling is nothing I’ve ever felt before. Something out there, definitely a higher power, is calling for me to create more. It’s almost screaming, begging to be translated and I’m determined to do the best I can in the most honest, heartfelt way. Last night, I did a spontaneous cover; ***Help*** by *Pink Guy*. After that, I created an extensive playlist of covers to do, which amount to approximately 120 songs. I’m gonna do every single one of them. I’m also gonna make original songs of mine. I also couldn’t stop making playlists last night. I made about 7 in total in addition to my pending 100+ playlists. Also, I listened to a 21-hour playlist of trash music which I find very endearing and unhinged, I really liked them, I’m determined to find more. I also made a short animation yesterday, I can’t believe I made it in under 3 hours. The animations I’ve done took me days when I’m medicated!! I’m determined to create more of atmospheric quick animations, starring *Mr. Bunny Rabbit*, of course, and learn from Youtube. I also want to better my color theory skills, to finally create that “part-time job” piece which I keep finding it hard to color. I’m probably overthinking perfection again, I just want to produce that piece without worries. Anyways, I’m losing track of everything I’m ever tracking. My workouts are on-and-off, I haven’t been watching enough films (couldn’t follow through my watchlist anymore), and even my to-listen music are no more. I’m not going through every plan I have built and I feel so fucking good about it, I’m free. Like freedom served on a silver platter. I don’t want to get a job and I don’t think I’ll be going to college anytime soon. My accepted application is useless now. I can do anything and I can be anything. I can get a job at McDonald’s and live like that for the rest of my life and I don’t care if that’s all I can ever do to get money. Pathetic? Who the fuck cares, I just want to create. I’m not drinking coffee right now, just decaffeinated. A part of me wishes that I’m just faking my mental illness just to everyone can move on and accept I’m just some weird kid who wants attention. I don’t know, maybe I’ll feel better that way if I’m just eccentric. My family has always told me I’m eccentric, ever since I was a kid. I keep getting flashbacks of my childhood in that old neighborhood we were in. I think one of my friends was autistic; he had ticks (he likes to shuffle his fingers and pull on them), behavior problems, empathy problems, he tends to hurt other people, he’s unaware of social cues, he’s very moody, he laughs randomly, he has a weird distinct way of talking, he gets in fights a lot. And I’m not really like that, was I? So I can’t be autistic. I had lots of friends and I was very popular because they said I was cool. My grades were good and I followed rules. (Except when I hyperfocused on something and decided to not go to school and socialize is when everything tends to fall apart). I was the life and heart of everything and the center of everyone. I built guilds and cults and groups and cliques. One classmate got very inspired whenever I drew funny comics, haunted house challenges, monster battles, and original characters that he’s now pursuing an artistic career, he calls me “sensei” and he looks up to me even though he’s crazy good nowadays. Sometimes I get jealous because I’m not as skilled as he, and I can never be confident in my own craft like the way he puts out his even though I started first and it was a passion of mine. He’s also terribly good at electric guitar and maths and sciences—which I can’t do because I don’t have an electric guitar and I’m very dumb. He also reminds me of my classmate on 2022, he’s impossibly intelligent, a great writer and talented in music—he even has all the equipment he needs, which I’m jealous of again. However, he’s kind of pretentious at times. He’s probably autistic, too. You know, anyone can be autistic nowadays if they try hard enough. I keep trying to find out if I had OCD or ADHD and sometimes I get disappointed if I don’t follow some criteria, which is fucked. I have disability kink now. I’m and INFP when manic, such as now, and an INFJ when medicated. I tried to make a playlist about that but I didn’t know what songs to put. My enneagram is 4w5, I forgot what that meant but it seems interesting. Fuck, Renson’s interests are rubbing off on me. I don’t want him to rub on me, I don’t want to feel his presence but I can’t escape him. I would feel so disgusted if I just find out CJ is having some kind of tie with him. I’m being unreasonable, irrational, delusional and absolutely mental with those assumptions, especially the fact that it affects me like this just proves that I'm no different than he is. In a way, I feel connected to him because we share a lot of similarities, even the obsession/hopeless romantic/unending loneliness/social withdrawal part, but at the same time, I’m so different. I hated the fact that CJ told me we’re kind of similar, maybe she sees in him what she sees in me, but I just hate myself for it and for feelings this way. I’m probably gonna finally create that song/spoken word poetry about CJ that I’ve never finished. It’s funny how I feel like Renson is reading this right now, that bitch finds everything and everyone. Sometimes, maybe coincidental but it’s just fucking annoying at this point although I like him for liking my art at the same time. I keep saying “if people find me then they find me” yet I get annoyed when they do see me. Isn’t that weird? I like posting song covers and posting my songs but I don’t want anyone to find them but at the same time I want people to bond over them. If only I can be forever anonymous, like without a face, identity, and people who know me and wants to know me deeper. But I want to be known deeper!!!!! That’s what’s fucked about it. I just hope I can come across these terrible feelings with my art and hope people resonate and never talk to me about it ever. I’ve been thinking about creating video diaries but I don’t like recording inside my room with my sister in there so probably in the future or if I’m alone. But I should overcome this social anxiousness or else I won’t be like Daniel (Hiding In My Room) and have his level of aloofness, honesty, shamelessness and chill comfortable vibes with his vlogs. I want to go to Japan like Daniel and speak like Daniel and be like Daniel. Also Daniel Johnston. Oh shit, I just remembered I watched a documentary about a bipolar creative named Daniel Johnston and holy shit, I was super blown away and resonated so much with Daniel that I’ve gotten so inspired to create and be like he is. He now became my god, my savior and my Jesus Christ and I’m in the process of listening to his cassette tapes one at a time, slowly, savoring every single one of them. I need to buy earphones soon to better enhance the experience. I also need to buy a lot of sketchbooks. Probably paint, too, if I have the extra money. Next year I’ll ask my aunt to buy me a keyboard piano instead of shoes and then I’ll be like Daniel Johnston and create music. But I’ll start now with my cousin’s acoustic guitar. I’m scared that my cousin wants her guitar back. I still haven’t gotten strings for the one my friend gave me, I should probably buy some strings soon, too. It’s just been brought to my attention that what if Spotify imploded and ceases to exist, what then will happen to all my music? I won’t have any records of them and I fear I won’t remember any of them anymore. I have this huge drive to write down or create separate lists of every song in every playlist I have other than Spotify because I’m anxious that Spotify will disappear forever. I need new modes of records and I’m determined to make some in the future. I could start now though, but I have so many other things I have to do and I don’t have time. I never have enough time and I'm gonna be dying soon. I want to paint like Van Gogh. Sing like Cobain. Create like Johnston. Vlog like Daniel. I like *Bo Burnham*’s ***How the World Works*** and ASMRtists (I’m gonna draw them). I have so much to draw, my head is spinning now and I have more albums to listen to, I should go.