status: #child 
tags: [[journal]] [[chai]] [[love]] [[heartbreak]]

I tried breaking up with Chai yesterday. Here's what happened. She was wondering why her phone wasn't charged because her charging cord wasn't plugged into my adapter. I laughingly told her I saw her remove it. Then she went off raising her voice about how she didn't unplug anything and I was accusing her of things. I grew quiet because of her defensive tone and I chose not to talk back. It led me to tweet some self-pitying things, which she saw later. Of course, she saw it and was very angry about it. She confronted me about it, explaining her side aggressively, and telling me no one is telling me to not speak out. And when I don't speak up, I turn into this self-pitying mess, which she mentioned we already talked over and over again and she was frustrated with me. And then she said "Tapos iiyak ka nanaman dyan na parang ikaw na lang lagi sinasaktan" and that broke me. I couldn't help but cry. While she was telling me every one of those words, I wanted to tell her to stop, just stop, I can't take it anymore, but I can't speak up because her sister was there and it felt like it wasn't my girlfriend who was talking to me. Where was the most gentle woman I knew who promised not to hurt me? Was I that incompetent to not even be able to handle situations such as this? I cried for more than an hour or two. Chai was just beside me using her phone, laughing. All I could think about was how was I going to go home tonight and break up with her as soon as I got home? I scanned the room, thinking this would all be the last time I'll be here, and I cried even more. It wasn't her fault she got hurt by what I said in my tweets. It was only natural her reaction would be that defensive and aggressive because it looked like I was victimizing myself and making her a villain, even out of context. But during those two hours, I realized I was not ready for this at all, and I would be better off being alone, because I can't properly handle a relatonship. I had to break up with Chai, she deserves better. And that's not a self-pitying thought, it's a fact. She needed someone stronger, and I'm not that yet. I laid down beside her once more, once things go quiet. I knew I would
melt as soon as she hugged me and apologized, and I knew that would change my mind instantly but I still told her what I felt. I told her I love her very much, too much in fact, that I figured I need to let go. I figured I wasn't ready for this and she needed someone strong, someone who I am not. No matter how much I love her, no matter how much she says she needs me and wants me, this will never work if I'm like this. I told her I'm a very forgetful person, and I cry a lot. I told her I want to remember everything about her, even if I forget everything else. I told her I hope I'm the first one she remembers if someone asks her who's the most crybaby of all people. Then I cried really hard when I said, "Sino na magbibigay sayo ng scratchy pag wala na ako?" She asked why was I going. I told her it's because I love her too much and she needed someone strong and I'm not that yet. So I'll be leaving. I thanked her for keeping her promise of not breaking up with me, but it feels like I'll be the one to let go this time. We grew quiet, I kept kissing her and telling her I love her and that she has nothing to apologize for. She got up because her nose was clogged and her left ear hurt. We unclogged her nose by pressing on pressure points. Then she asked me not to leave. That's the only thing I think I wanted to hear, and I feel like I can't let go either. She ate two bananas, we opened the AC, she peed, and then we both slept. I don't know where this will lead us but I'm still crying while writing this. Our anniversary will come soon and I don't know what to do anymore without breaking down.