---
growth: "[[child]]"
entryTitle: festering hatred
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2025]]"
dateCreated: 2025-10-14
dayCreated: Tuesday
timeCreated: 21:37
---
I don't even know what to feel about this. Every single time Chai gets a bit snappy and directed at me, I get all clammed up. And all I could think about is how I fucked up big time again, and how much I keep fucking up no matter what I do or what I've always done good. My head hurts just thinking about it. I don't know if I'm just trying to find someone or something else to blame but it sometimes feels like she's also trying to find something or someone else to blame for all her misfortunes, discomforts and inconveniences — and because we're always together, her anger, annoyance, and irritation, will always be directed at me. And I'm trying to justify that — her outbursts, the mean things she say, her cold demeanor towards me — and it's because of her trauma and her illness, too, but shit, just how far would I justify that when I'm being affected by those, too? She said that's her way of expressing herself, just like I express myself through crying and being hurt, what can she do? What can we both do? I think I'll cry myself to sleep again. The more this happens, the more I gather trauma from her behavior. The more hatred that festers deep inside me. The more I equate her to my dad. Maybe that's what she feels, too, when she feels trapped in her responses and reactions to my behavior, as well. She doesn't know what to do with it either, and she doesn't like feeling like she doesn't know what to do. Where do we both go, then? I'm trying to rationalize things and be more understanding towards her when things get like this, but it just hurts too much to even move. Maybe I'm not built for this kind of love. Maybe I'm not meant to be in a relationship at all. Some would say I'm just giving up, after everything, that she's not worth all the pain — but if she's hurting and I'm hurting, and the hurt will continue on and on and on until the bomb just soon explodes as time ticks by — then, don't you think this is the best option? To walk away? What if we're just not good for each other, no matter what we do? What if we're already broken beyond repair? I've hurt her, she's hurt me — don't you think it's time to call it quits? It's funny, I don't even have anyone else to talk about this stuff. 