status: #child 
tags: [[journal]]

Chai and I went back home to San Joaquin, drowning in silence and tired smiles. It was raining pretty harshly for the past week—it's only today that the weather calmed down a bit. I wasn't going to work at all, I'm at Chai's house at QC and my mom doesn't know. Only her mom knows I resigned from my job. But I told my mom I didn't pass the training. That's technically correct, but only because I stopped showing up to work for a week, not because of the reasons I stated to her. I cried really hard yesterday because I missed home and it was getting pretty overwhelming; I lied to my mom, I lost my job and it affected my girlfriend a lot and she's still supportive, I still don't have a job even though I applied to a lot, I don't have my shit quite figured out together yet, and my girlfriend's losing hope, as well. Everything's just so difficult and I felt alone. I mean, I'm not alone in this, I have my partner with me through it all. But you know, I still need to have responsibilities and be held accountable for all my actions and decisions. The burden of it all is weighing on me, so I did the most natural thing; cry. I remembered when my girlfriend had a BPD meltdown just recently because of me. She joked about me being a groomer and I felt slightly awful about it and it showed. Somehow, I couldn't tell that to her directly so I just sulked. She kept asking what's wrong and I didn't tell her. So she got frustrated and hurt herself uncontrollably. I tried calming her down by hugging her, kissing her, stopping her from further hurting herself. I felt helpless. And what I felt is incomparable to what she just went through. She's having a tough time already. And I further solidified her being in a tough spot by going back here and having her mom say a lot of things about her. Chai was already reluctant going back to San Joaquin despite missing everything about here, because of what she'll deal with; her mom and her tantrums. I didn't put enough emphasis on the fact that she'll be dealing with this on her own, and I'm not doing anything at all. And yet, I insisted to go back here, despite the rain, her mom, our expenses, our efforts, her plans to stay for a while at QC to find a job and fix her adulting stuff. I was very selfish. All because I missed being with her back home, and I didn't want to waste more money just going through the initial interview for Cyberbacker at SM North instead of at home. I probably should've just went here alone. I thought I was doing Chai a favor by being here instead of there because she kept mentioning she didn't want to be at home at QC, but it seems like I was wrong. I'm the reason why Chai couldn't be apart from me and make me be independent, because I cling to her too much. And it's disguised by the notion that I thought she couldn't live without me either. I don't know, it's probably just a speculation this time. I probably should've just went back home alone. I'm so selfish. 