status: #child 
tags: [[journal]]

Chai's going home tonight. I wouldn't be able to come with her, even though she's sick and needs me. I could make excuses about this, she could think I'm neglecting her and I'm being absolutely unfair. I've been thinking about this since earlier, since back when we came here, since when we were still in QC. About how she said I should be the one to adjust sometimes and not other people, because that's the way I can help myself. To stop running away everytime something uncomfortable happens. And just about how confused and overwhelmed I am about everything about me and around me, that I'm dissociating for god knows how long. I could say I'm over exaggerating what I'm feeling and it's not my illness's symptoms but myself. But something broke inside me that night I decided to break up with Chai. Something majorly shifted and I can't take that back. And I think I know what it is. I have been unwell. For a long time. I don't think I've gotten any much better. This is not a victimizing thought, it's a fact, and I can't avoid that. I know what's wrong with me yet I don't know what's wrong with me. To try and figure it out or not, it's affecting my relationships with people, especially with my girlfriend. I don't know how to cope, I don't know how to feel better. I wish to say love is enough. I wish to say the company of the one person I love most is enough. But it's not. It's a serious problem that needs attention, from professionals, the person I'm in a relationship with, and myself. The thing is, it's very difficult to show up when it gets like this, now's a prime example. Chai needs me the most right now, and at a very crucial point. Yet I'm deciding to stay here, but that's not to invalidate I'm at a very crucial point of my life. too. Chai has always been there for me, regardless if she doesn't know how to deal with my illness, and that's something I'm very thankful of. I hope I've been there for her, too, even if albeit a little bit not enough sometimes, I tried at the very least. Now we're here. I have a huge feeling, as soon as she goes home, we'll break up. That feeling never left me, everytime we part ways. That's why I never part ways with her. But now's the time it will happen, I'm sure of it. Even if not tonight, sometime soon. There's something seriously wrong with me, and I don't want it to affect the person I love the most anymore, of all people. I'm making the decision to break up with her, for good. This is the most difficult decision I've made and my heart continuously breaks the longer I think about it. This is probably for good, right?