status: #child 
tags: [[journal]] [[job]]

A lot has happened since my last journal entry. I don't even remember what my last journal entry was about and when I wrote it. At the back of my mind, I haven't written in ages, years probably, and yet it feels like it's only yesterday, as if I'm not the person who has experienced everything for the past couple of weeks. News flash, I got a job now. Originally, I was going for a work-from-home position. Things happened, I didn't have a laptop, my brother can't let me borrow his laptop, my sister CAN let me borrow her laptop but I thought of it a lot and it wasn't efficient, and then I can't apply for a loan because I didn't have a job yet. I can't ask for money, and I can't ask for my parents to set up loans for me because they have unsettled ones. So, I resorted to just singing a contract to another call center company. This time, it's a voice account. I thought 'what the hell could go wrong?'—turns out, a lot could. I have been taking my meds religiously. I make sure I don't skip a day. Yet weirdly, the dissociation feels like it's warping into a maleficent being and consuming me over once more. This happens a lot, especially when I get a job and I start going to work. I didn't even realize this would come to me sooner than expected. The first time I really felt this feeling this month was when I was alone during lunch. I preferred being alone so my coworkers ended up leaving me alone—and yeah, it feels nice. But as I was ordering my lunch at a Lawson's, as I stood there, and I looked around me and saw these people eating at tables, waiting for their lunch to end, and the idea that I'm probably in the same fucked up state as they were, my vision tripled its size and my head was floating. I had absolutely no idea who I was, where I am, and what I am doing. But of course, I pretend it's not there, because what the fuck, this is what I signed up for, am I giving up now? Of course, they'd tell me I can't hold a job still and I keep running away as soon as things get hard. But it IS hard, what do I do then? I sucked it up. I ate my lunch, pretended I was competent, and then I moved on to the next. This is how they do it, don't they? This is how everyone does it. How does anyone stay sane despite all of this? I don't even remember the last thing I ate, I don't even remember TO EAT. I don't remember the last time I slept, the last time I dreamt. I don't remember what I said, what I did, or if I showered. I'm just.. really really tired. And it's not the kind of tired that just physically drains me and it will get restored once I sleep. It's the kind that confuses me, a lot. The one where I could sleep for days and I still won't remember who I was before all of this. The thing is, the only reason I'm still sane is that my girlfriend is with me. She's been with me ever since I was just looking for jobs, or even before that. Despite all of this, she's the only thing that could make sense right now. Honestly, it scares me. Of course, it brings me life, but it scares me at the same time. Like, one moment, everything could just slip away from my fingers. Because that's what happens when you least expect things, right? I'm terrified for that to happen because I know I wouldn't be able to handle it. And I'm serious about this. I wouldn't be able to live if she leaves, or if I leave. I don't think I will, but if worse comes to worst, I wouldn't be able to function like a human being. If this is already bad, I don't know what more if that happens. Anyways, I'm just scared. Everything's not always perfect. And I'm too dependent on the fact that everything will be fine. But it won't always be, right? I'm losing faith in myself, and it's hard to keep up. I just don't have the time to just rest or close my eyes and think as if I'm back to where I was pre-bipolar Raven. Can't I just go back to the time when I was in Mabanta? Wait, no, even that wasn't perfect. I just wish I didn't have to work. I just wish I didn't have to work very hard and become a slave just to be able to live in a world like this. My mind runs unbearably heavy, I feel sleepy, but it feels like I couldn't sleep either. Because if I do, I'd lose all these precious time. I have work again tomorrow, and I'll start taking calls. And if it stops working?