---
growth: "[[adult]]"
entryTitle: exhaustion at jollibee
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2025]]"
dateCreated: 2025-10-03
dayCreated: Friday
timeCreated: 21:49
---
Today was very very VERY exhausting. Like I-went-to-an-amusement-park exhausting except it wasn't fun. It's just walking-on-egg-shells exhausting and I'm the diffuser. I woke up early at 6 in the morning, thinking the day would be perfect. I didn't wake Chai up yet and made coffee. But in the middle of making a mug, she called out to me, it's almost 7 AM (where did the time go?). We worked out (exercised) by 7 AM until 8 AM, didn't expect it to take up almost an hour long, and then we ate breakfast. I studied fairly early, thinking I'd be ahead of my tasks for today and everything is suuuuuuper peachy! Except I'm wrong. By noon, mom came home and told me to go to the other house to deliver food and clothes to my dad, like a fucking spoiled prisoner he seems to be. Of course, I had no choice but to obey since he "pays" for our food. Mom, Chai, and I also talked about how I have Asperger's Syndrome and everything points to that. Okay, then. Then my mom got busy with talking to Globe's customer service and being annoyed by them and my older brother and his girlfriend so she didn't make lunch in time. Got back home from the other house, bought *ulam* and all, tried to study, washed dishes — ***boom***. Dad came by to "fix" the faucets. He didn't have faucets, didn't want to wait for mom to wake up to buy faucets, and as I was washing dishes, ordered me to go buy faucets while it's RAINING. I had no choice but to obey, even gave me wrong directions for where the store actually is. I went to two shops, the first one was a fluke because the seller was a man. The second shop, the lady was nice so I bought the faucets. Dad ordered me still to do some stuff and I'm annoyed by now because one, my dad's being an ass. Two, I'm tired and overwhelmed. And three, my dad's being an ass. When he decided to leave, without fixing the faucets at all, he ordered to buy him Jollibee's *palabok* and bring it to him to the other house. He gave me ₱100 for compensation for all the trouble, great. This is while I tried to study, but failed miserably. Mom ordered me to buy 2 soups, onions, and some large fries at Jollibee for dinner. Great. It was raining, my hands are full, the staffs at Jollibee are clueless and got my order wrong, there weren't any onions around. I'm so pissed and exhausted. I came back home, Chai's asleep and woke up with a stomachache and I get blamed for that, great. I'm really tired. We had some few laughs and talks during after dinner while I ate my favorite Jollibee Tomato & Cheese Chicken Fillet. I'm so exhausted that I don't want to take a bath anymore. I'm so pissed and annoyed and irritated and frustrated but I don't let it show because I'll be exactly like one of them if I do show emotions and my explosive irritability, like how my sister is when she got home from practice. I'm even taking on the rolemof the diffuser, meaning I try to de-escalate any possible conflicts or outbursts, all the while feeling so overwhelmed by everything. Now I'm waiting for Chai to be able to fall asleep (by 11 PM she'll only be allowed to) and I think she also blames me for not making her eat early, great. I'm tired. 