status: #child 
tags: [[journal]] [[attachment]] [[trauma]] 

This is probably my first journal entry this year. A lot has happened. I've been quite avoiding making any entries, not unless I know I'll be able to be consisten with it but fuck it, I needed to write or else I'll forget. I'm at Chai's for the mean time, at Quezon City, in her mom's house. I've been here since the 20th of April. Quite honestly, I feel a tad bit quilty that I've been residing here, eating their food, perusing their electricity and bathroom and kitchen utensils, and most of all; having her mom do my laundry. I don't want to go home yet, but I feel really guilty for being here. Though I want to be with my girlfriend and I hate to be away from her, really I don't, but I think we really both need to get our own flat. That's why we've been planning to get jobs and save money for our apartment soon. I was thinking of becoming a Work From Home Virtual Assistant in the US. I was inspired by Chai's aunt, Yen, who's making a lot of money through that, which I know I'm also capable of, and she's living with her boyfriend. We stayed there for a few nights, me and Chai, after going with them to Zambales in the last week of April. It was an experience. I still also feel guilty for also consuming their stuff, especially that fucking 2 packs of Mac & Cheese. Anyways, earlier, me and Chai were just messing around and she accidentally pushed on the side of my vagina that kinda hurts when it's put pressure on. I told her I was scared of having her look at it, I really was. I told her it reminded me of the time when it happened. I also opened up to her that when she touches my butt, I remember the times my uncle would. I told her I know it's her and it's not her fault, but I just get triggered and I think I need therapy. She got awfully quiet after that, and I feel like it's so unfair of me to dump that burden on her like this. I don't want her to feel like I feel unsafe around her but I also want her to understand that I have traumatic experiences as a child that I can't just happen to forget. It made me emotional. I love her with my whole heart but I always fear, in one way or another, she'll just leave me. And it's not because I don't trust her love for me, but because I have abandonment issues. I also can't stand to be apart from her anymore. And maybe that could make her claustrophobic and I'm leaving her with no autonomy in her life. Maybe it's a good idea to give her space, or just let her do her thing as she does her things, and I'll cater to her if she needs my help or company with anything. I remembered earlier she offered to her mom to watch over their pregnant friend's baby. I remembered her adamantly not wanting to go there but if she changes her mind, the first thing that automatically pops into my mind should not be to stick with her wherever she goes, but to hope she brings me along and if she doesn't want me to, that should be fine, too. 