status: #child 
tags: [[journal]] [[melancholy]] [[love]] 

I just feel excruciatingly sad. I've been feeling so for the past few days. I'm just trying not to let it show. I know that's a bad thing but I don't want my girlfriend to worry about me at all. Even though most of what I've been feeling is about her, it's almost always about her, after all. I'm trying to rationalize everything I'm feeling because I don't want to express the wrong feelings, say the wrong words, and show the improper reactions over stuff that could've been explained and worked around with myself without having to affect others around me. Maybe that's incredibly small of me to enclose myself in a shell just so I won't bother anyone and I'm just waiting for things to blow over my face. I don't feel loved. I don't feel appreciated. By my girlfriend, yes. And I'm trying very hard to explain to myself why I feel this way and I feel like, after a lot of contemplation, I finally have answers. I show my love in a million ways. I make sure she's always comfortable. I make sure she doesn't have to move a muscle. I make sure I don't react very abruptly or loudly. I make sure not to press on her hair or get too close to her so she would feel overwhelmed or scratch the plate in the wrong way so she would feel like ripping her hair out. I make sure I make her fall asleep well while scratching her hair or back. I make sure I include her in my future and in every single bit of my time. I make sure I accept a lot of things about her and handle my patience well. I make sure I kiss her, I make sure I tell her she's beautiful, I make sure I tell her 'I love you'. And I just.. maybe it's wrong to feel like those things have to be reciprocated because no, the way love works, it's not always about reciprocation. But it feels quite unrequited at the moment. Sometimes she wouldn't let me kiss her, sometimes she wouldn't let me touch her. Sometimes she finds it hard to say 'I love you', sometimes she can't look at me in the eye. Tomorrow, I'd like to notice more of how she shows her love to me. And I'm trying to realize more how I want to be loved. Because I probably don't know and she's probably unsure, too. I know she loves me—that's without a doubt. But I can't feel it right now and I'm afraid this will make me feel like going away. I'm worried I give and I give and she takes and she takes, until I have no more left to give and she has no more left to take. Chai's not selfish, that's never her intentions and she'd never actively hurt me. But I'm hurting right now and it's bleeding, and I don't want her to bleed because of me, too. She deserves the world, and I'd do everything to make her happy. I just don't understand how it breaks my heart. 