status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[mania]]

I feel so fucking great. I am literally the greatest person I know, as far as I know. 

I only got 3 hours of sleep. When I woke up, I immediately finished a playlist while reading and drawing. I got to around 50+ pages. Then, I used the laptop. I finished all CSS Flexbox exercises and Middle School Biology exercises (plus rewriting my notes). Then, I taped photos on the corner of my mirror for inspirarion. I listened to a few albums afterwards but I was feeling really jittery, and very alert, at that point. So I took a few IQ tests online, they were very unreliable. I got 163 on some random test, which was hilarious. I tried the official MENSA IQ test and it said I got a 121 (even though I didn't finish everything lol). When I knew I was categorized as "gifted", my self-esteem skyrocketed. I immediately had to inform everyone I know and posted it on Instagram. I also messaged my friends—Kanola ignored it lol. I was too engrossed in my grandiose delusions to even care what people would think. I am aware that IQ tests don't really equate cognitive performance and overall intelligence, I was just bored so I took it. Anyways, I also finished scheduling my entire year for my studies. I just realized there's too much topics, I think I'd have to neglect my other hobbies for a while. Or I just won't sleep. I'm feeling pretty pumped, so fucking pumped, to study everything. Also, I haven't finished writing down stuff for my Japanese commonplace book. The 400+ paged notebook still hasn't arrived yet and I'm getting really impatient. Oh, I also wrote down my (new) monthly and weekly goals. Realized I'd have to get more structured for me to be disciplined and get things done. I always get productivity paralysis everytime I look at my to-do list. There's just so many things to do that I don't know where to start. So I'll schedule my every hour from now on, no matter the abrupt change of events. Although, I won't be time-blocking my studying sessions. Instead, I'd have a set of topics to cover and have a specific goal for every day. But if I have free time, I'll continue to the next topic, even if it's outside the desired schedule. I'm getting reaaaally good at Japanese. I have imaginary conversations in Japanese now. The commonplace book idea is really paying off. Also, it's because I have a high IQ—I'm never gonna live that down. One peculiar thing I noticed when taking IQ tests is that my brain just automatically processes the problem and spits out the answer or the analysis to get to the answer. It's like I don't have to try very hard. Sure, there are problems that are way out of my abilities, but if my brain can, it just does so automatically, like a breeze. Mostly, I don't know if they're right or wrong but I'm fairly sure most of them were right as, other than it makes complete sense, my test scores prove it. I find it hard to care about my ex now. She's just like a passing thought now that I am even more excited to do things that I love doing. Not even my current crush can also amount to it. By the way, I have this feeling recently of wanting to delete (soft-block) everyone in my dump account and just keep posting without an audience. I really want to make it my own world where nobody else is there, it's a really nice thought. But if I do that, I can't take it back, and my friends will ask. But I don't really think they even care what I post anyways as it doesn't concern them so I think there's no difference. They will only care if they're involved. Not like I care about them that much, too, anyways. Sheesh, this friendship is a farce. 

They say the brain stops maturing and developing during the late 20s. I still have so much time to cram so much knowledge inside this big head of mine. I want to be so fucking smart I'd be untouchable. Fucking watch me.