status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[loneliness]] [[women]] 

I couldn't sleep. It's because I drank too much coffee well until the evening. Would this cause an acne breakout again? Well, it's a risk I have no choice but to take. I cried a little bit just now. I thought about Lou, and the feeling that I'm slowly losing my grip on her. Because I'm unwilling to make things right. Because I want to just run away from her. I don't know if I can ever deal with it. Anyway, I don't have friends I can talk to anymore. Kanola's there, but she's there like a low-level friend. IC's there but I barely talk to her anymore. I don't know. I know things won't always be like this but it just makes me cry. I don't know what I want. I guess some kind of intimacy? I don't know if I can even commit to something like that. I'm just really really lonely right now and the only refuge I have are my hobbies. My birthday's coming up soon. I won't have a party or anything. My parents are planning to buy sushi and make onigiri—like I wanted to—but regarding our financial situation right now, it's highly unlikely. Here I am, grieving for a life I don't have. I've been imagining a life in my own apartment lately. And all I can picture is myself living in complete solitude. I mean, that's the life I want. But I'm not sure it's what I need. Anyway, I think I'll just start my day early. I'll forget about trying to fall asleep. 

My sleep routine got messed up again because my sister decided to pull an all-nighter to cram all her homework at the due date. Which meant leaving the light on well into the morning. I couldn't get a wink of sleep. Well, I'm partly at fault, too, because I drank coffee past lunch, but yeah. I fell asleep around 10 in the morning. I couldn't focus on studying at all, my head felt heavy. So I slept and woke up around 3, then studied more Japanese. 

Watching Pewdiepie Japan vlogs and imagining a life like that in the future. It's motivating me to work harder to achieve something like that, too. I have faith in my passion-fueled drive to get to that point. Then I watched an hour-long video of Felix (and Joey) trying out Japanese candy while I ate (the last of my) Japanese coffee candies, too. We ate barbecued liempo and grilled squid for dinner. It was nice, I really appreciate that. 

I mentioned to Kanola how I felt like I might be an incel. I told her maybe it's because of the fact that I only ever liked women solely because of their looks. Somehow that makes me feel like I'm idealizing or objectifying them. Like I can't like women because of who they are, it's always about the looks—and that's kinda fucked. I mean, I don't think the world is unfair because I don't have a girlfriend right now, nor do I think it's women's fault I'm like this. But I sometimes feel like I won't ever have one at all because of the objectifying thing. I also always find myself imagining having a really good-looking girlfriend so that people can see how much of a catch I got and that somehow boosts my ego, too. I don't respect women, not in the way I'd like. I'd only respect them if they liked me. In fact, I fear them and their capability of making me feel small (once I got rejected by one). See? I might actually be an incel.