status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]] 

Start of the week—pretty great. I slept past 2 in the morning, I think, while listening to my playlist. I woke up at 10 AM, proceeded to finish my playlist while drawing heads again. Then, I practiced some kanji and finished the workbook exercises for Genki 2 Lesson 21—my brain is kinda working now compared to yesterday. Whilst doing so, my 12 whiteboard markers arrived. I got so excited that instead of just doing a few problems I ended up finishing the entire test. I got 83 out of 100 correct—that's pretty significantly high considering I've basically failed the math portion on the 2019 UPCAT. It goes to show how I wasn't really meant to pass that time (and that I didn't study well, plus the last few months of 2019 was shit for my mental health). I'm only now noticing how easy math in UPCAT actually is if I just actually studied well—but I didn't. I guess I was under the illusion of competence the entire time I was taking the 2019 UPCAT because I thought I was doing well. But this time, though, this time I actually knew what I was doing and how I solved each question carefully. I wasn't just winging it—I was actually retrieving information from the back of my brain from all of the time I've been studying my ass off. My hard work is paying off. I was in such a good mood that I helped my mom cook spring rolls (lumpiang shanghai) by separating the wrappers from one another. The entire time my mom talked to me about how she ended up selling food during 2015 because we didn't have enough money and that her workmates asked for her to cook something. It was nice having that conversation with my mom and I'm glad I spent that time helping her. Anyways, I finished a film (some last 30 minutes from the film my sister and I were watching yesterday called ***Mulberry Street*** but we stopped because it kept buffering). Then, I summarized the few chapters of the book I'm doing an analytical reading of. I can't wait for my commonplace notebook to arrive so I can transfer my notes to it. Lou still hasn't replied to my messages, it's been 2 weeks already. I saw one of her posts implying how she's losing a 5-year long friendship. I stopped for a second and calculated the time we spent together this whole time: 5 years. Is she trying to say she'll cut ties with me? Have I been a bad friend? Maybe I am and I'm just not aware of it. Thinking about it now, I could cry. But also, I might have seen this coming for a while now. For months, she has been slow on replying to messages and I could feel she's barely there. It's like, just a matter of time. Regarding myself, I probably was too insensitive to her struggles—somehow, I couldn't empathize with her properly. She probably couldn't be herself around me because I seem disregarding and closed off. If she does come to terms with it and decided to cut me off, I can understand. I could cry, but I don't think I will—because I know if she ever did, she'll come back eventually, even if it'll take years. I've been fine on my own anyway and I could still do it. It will suck, I know, but that's just life. I'm letting go.