status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[self-improvement]]

I woke up late today, around 2 PM. My parents were just about to go out. Mom gave me money for the Shopee delivery coming today (dental floss) and the rest of the money is for whatever we wanted. For dinner, we were told to just cook hotdogs. Kind of bummed out because I didn't do a bunch of what I had to do, I still studied Japanese because I really like studying Japanese, it motivates me. I drank black coffee (with sugar) because we ran out of creamer the day before yesterday. I didn't do legs and cardio today, but I took a bath because my body felt sticky. I still have acne marks (and some new ones, don't know where I got those) but I couldn't resist touching those, so that's fucked. Anyway, the package arrived around near 5 PM, which was good because I can't take another day without flossing my teeth. It's still early, I still have time to do anything I want before preparing to sleep. I think I'll just listen to my playlist. Oh, speaking of my playlists, I think I won't be able to finish the rest of them by the end of 2023. So I have no choice but to extend the due date until August of 2024, too. That's fine, I have other priorities. 

The most important aspect of my life right now is probably my development of skills. I spend most of my time sharpening the skillset I have in hopes of landing on something useful in the future. Even if not, I still enjoy doing them, at least, so that's good. And if not that, another important aspect of my life at the moment is my stability. I hate going out of control and feeling like wanting to die so I'm really making sure I am maintaining stability, and so my sanity doesn't suffer. This is a huge step up from wanting to trigger my episodes because I liked the "benefits" of them, which was stupid because the downsides far outweighs those so-called "benefits." I also used to deliberately trigger my episodes because I feel like self-sabotaging, like I don't deserve to have a good time at all. But I'm changing that now. I want to be better. It's time to stop all the self-sabotage.