status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[self-loathing]] 

Fucking pathetic piece of garbage. Running away again? Yeah, that's what you're always good at. You're a fucking coward, front and back, inside and out. Run and cower in self-loathing in your silly little world. Watch as it grows smaller and smaller, until there's not even a space wide enough to spit out on at a distance. Not even wide enough to extend your arms wide. Not like you'd even dare to lift your hand up for the life of you—you just don't have the courage for that. You're not even brave enough to fucking kill yourself, you chicken. 

Now that's out there. Let me tell you about my day. I did nothing but read books and watch films all day. I don't have the strength to do anything else. I was almost even too tired to watch films. I just feel like rotting in bed. I cut Lou off for the mean time. I deleted my Telegram, deactivated my private account. I don't think I'll be back until after a couple of months. I feel so shitty, it might take a while to recover from this. I really need some time to brood and think about my life choices. I'm still talking to Kanola. That's the only bit of social interaction I'll ever have outside of my family. God, I feel so shitty. My bipolarity is clouding my judgment. I don't even know if I really just prefer cutting Lou off for good or it's just my depression talking. I also don't know if I actually want to save this friendship or that's just my mania talking. I don't fucking know, I just want to be alone. It's so much better when I'm alone, I won't be hurting anyone else, I won't be bothering anyone else with this stupid fucking mental illness. Sure, I'm capable of building relationships but at the cost of my sanity. I want to be alone for a while, for a good long while.

There have been slightest moments of temporary bliss amidst the darkness of my foreboding. I see my Instagram mutuals having fun with their lives. I obtain a bit of comfort from those. Maybe a part of me is looking forward to the time when I'd experience the same thing. There's also the laughter I let out after watching some Youtube videos. They have always been beside me during these times. And music. And the fact that I still have myself, even when I'm alone and detached from everything else. Like right now, my favorite time of the day. I'll seek refuge during these moments, it's all I have right now. 

I dropped my phone earlier face down. It created small cracks at the top and bottom of the screen. I just heaved a big sigh. I'm too tired to worry.