status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[mental illness]] 

I woke up late today. Nevertheless, I went about my day without feeling too bad about myself, even though my plans were clearly ruined. The milk arrived while I was busy drawing an astronaut. Then, the notebook for my Japanese commonplace book arrived. I was so thrilled. I put stickers on it and immediately worked on rewriting what I wrote on the other notebook I initially started with. I just cut and pasted the drawings though as I know it'll take too much time if I redraw them. I haven't eaten anything the entire day, just soup and coffee. I'm not feeling hungry at all but I can feel myself shaking from the coffee and my medication's side effects. I was so busy writing anyways that I didn't care about food anymore. Oh right, CJ viewed my story but not the "motivation corner" one, she missed it. She saw my IQ result story though and the manic yearly goals one. Anyway, I don't know why I care that much that I got kinda disappointed (no, I know why, I'm limerent) when she didn't see the first one. 
  
Last night, before I went to sleep, I had a serious talk with Lou. We talked about her deteriorating mental health and her refusal to seek help from a professional. Well, not that she refuses, it's just that she is tired of things going wrong that she's just kinda giving up from ever getting diagnosed or medicated. I was feeling too good last night to be able to empathize properly, even though I feel the same way. I tried to talk her into it and give advice or encouragement but she's not accepting them, she feels very closed off with whatever she's feeling. I just know it's the mental illness talking. She haven't accepted the fact that she is not her mental illness and she is not born broken—nobody's born broken. It's just that she was raised in a terrible way and her mental illness is playing a part. But I do understand how strong the identity crisis. I mean, shit, I don't have anything figured out at all, and I do still get relapses and constant struggle with my own thoughts, but I know for a fact that things really do get better. Whatever the source of the suffering is at the moment won't be there in the future, or in some days, it's only temporary. I also understood when she said that the illness will always be there, no matter what you do, you just learn how to live with it, every single day. I wanted to say "I fucking know, you're not alone." but like I said, I was too hypomanic to empathize and I was afraid to say the wrong things (and I've probably already told the wrong things). I told her I see myself in her before I got help, which was true. I know what kind of hell she's going through, I'm all too familiar with it. But it feels like a distant past now when I look back to it. I am not the same person. And I bet in the future, she'll also look back to the person she was today and feel differently. I think the emotions and her suffering are getting the best of her at the moment. And my optimism and passion were getting the best of me. I'm not sure how to comfort her, because I didn't know what comfort feels like when I was in that same position.