status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]] 

Well, here we are, not planning to sleep anytime soon and planning to be awake for more than 24 hours. A lot happened yesterday, let me lay them down here gently. I woke up 4 AM to get ready for my morning walk but fell back asleep until 4:55 AM. I actually got ready for 5 minutes, didn't shower (haven't showered for 3 days) then went out. I was to meet IC at Capitol Commons at 5:30 AM. So I went there, putting on my music, completely forgetting I was to listen to podcast episodes. I waited for IC at one of the park's benches, taking pictures of random things because I wanted something to post on my Instagram story for CJ to see. Anyways, IC arrived, we walked and walked anywhere until past 6 AM. We went to a Jollibee to get coffee. I went up to the cashier and said "Can I get a Coffee McFloat?" and they were like "Huh?". Good thing I immediately noticed my mistake so I corrected myself. Then they said iced coffee wasn't available because there's no ice, so me and IC went to a McDonald's instead where we got actual McCoffee, pretty ironic. I wanted to get a large one but I don't have enough money on me plus I was planning to get a *Kariman* at Ministop. We sat for a few minutes after buying coffee and eventually went our own ways because she says she has class at 7. I walked to the front of Capitol 8, it started raining slightly. Good thing I brought an umbrella, of course, because it is rainy season. I crossed the footbridge, went to Uncle John's (Ministop), bought my *Kariman*s and ate silently at one of the seats while staring at the street. I couldn't appreciate that moment enough, I was literally thinking about it days before. I wish that moment never ended and I just kept on eating *Kariman*s. However, that moment soon ended and I had to go home. I crossed the street, waited for a Pasig-San Joaquin jeep which never came so I took a Pasig-Palengke jeep. A part of me wanted to go walk some more so I got off at Kapasigan. Also, I didn't have enough money for another jeepney ride so yeah, best option is to walk. It was really nice. The air was cold but there was also the sun shining. I walked from Kapasigan to our house. I couldn't appreciate that moment enough, too, even though I've been kind of fantasizing about it. So, I got home, decided to do my Calisthenics workout early that morning so it could be scratched off from my to-do list. After that, I showered, then studied Kanji. Then, I studied elementary maths. I stopped around past 4 PM, so I invited my sister to resume watching ***Evangelion***. She agreed. We watched until 11 PM, completely neglecting my chores. Barely ate dinner, too. However, it was really fun. I got to watch and enjoy my favorite anime again and it's thrilling to see my sister enjoy the anime, too, and come up with theories, which by the way were almost always completely on the mark. I was so impressed I could only laugh. I made some coffee for me and for her (decaf). So, then, we stopped at episode 17 (out of 26 episodes plus the finale movie) because she was sleepy. She slept (I let her), I chugged down the remaining coffee from my thermos mug so that I could brush my teeth by 12 midnight, that will keep me awake until tomorrow morning. CJ still haven't fucking viewed my latest Instagram story which was a bunch of screenshots that highlights how interesting and unique I am and how I can still be a potential romantic partner to her for some reason. Yeah, I realize how much of my limerence is affecting me these days and I am just letting it. By deciding to stay awake for more than 24 hours I'm choosing to spiral out of control. I have to do a bunch of stuff tomorrow but my head's already getting dizzy. But I'm not sleepy. In fact, I am so awake I could study or read a book but my brain's kind of muddled. Now I don't know what to do. I want to write more but I don't know what to say. I can't open another file in GDocs because I'm using another file to rate the songs from the playlist I'm listening to right now which is my "fantasy" playlist. I still can't believe CJ haven't viewed my latest story, I mean, it's right fucking there, is she purposefully ignoring it? And yes, I am aware the delusional obsessive side is taking over me right now but I am letting it take the reign, I don't give a shit. If she doesn't view the story until 1 PM later I will actually go crazy. By the way, I feel kinda fat and ugly but at the same time liking my complexion and some sides and angles of my face. I'm implementing cardio on my workout routine because I want to lose some face fat and double chin. I look so horrendous on camera, jesus.