status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[loneliness]] [[ramblings]]

It’s always at night time, particularly after midnight, when I feel the loneliest. It doesn’t help that I’m listening to Shoegaze right now. I don’t know, I guess I just miss talking to someone I care about during these times. I miss my former internet friends. Most of all, I miss her. Or at least, I miss the feeling of talking to her. Speaking of former internet friends and her, it’s only less than a week left before my personal private Instagram account becomes completely deleted. I feel very sad about it and I’m fighting the urge to feel regret. Because I know if I did regret it for a single bit, I’ll come back to it like lightning. So, I’m just trying my best to work on this grief. Yesterday, I tried socializing. I stayed at the VC channel in the SINEGANG Discord server while my camera was on. I stayed there for hours, I still am actually, but the people I’m with are probably sleeping already. But yeah, I talked to people. I socialized. Surprisingly, I didn’t feel socially anxious nor awkward. I thank talking to Kanola for that, I guess. Even so, there’s this feeling lingering in the background. The feeling of longing for what used to be. My former internet friends and I used to hang out in our Discord server’s voice channel and talk about anything and everything. I guess I just miss feeling like I was part of something. Like I am in an established connection with someone. I’m really lonely, you see, even though that’s no surprise considering how much and how often I talk about it. I even posted on r/bipolar on Reddit about how lonely I’m feeling. I don’t know how to work my way around it, maybe I’m not supposed to. During the day, I am mostly too distracted to feel the loneliness. It’s during night time when it gets really intense, I feel like I could cry. Sometimes I do, sometimes I don’t, like now. I’m just in this weird yearning contemplative state. These days, I always get the feeling of wanting to press fast forward regarding my life. I want to be in the future, living the life I’ve always wanted—studying on my own, having friends, having a significant other, living alone, being financially independent. It gets suffocating here, staying this way. Don’t get me wrong, I really love having my own time for myself like this without much obligations. But I guess I just need a change of scenery. I used to always say I’m content with this steady event-free lifestyle but I’d be lying if I said I don’t desire change. Somehow, I am feeling that change. Ever since my mom got discharged from the hospital, my siblings and I have been shouldering what mom usually did; house chores, errands, cleaning, cooking. I am starting to feel responsibilities and being an adult, sacrificing my time and energy for other people. My mom easily gets palpitations if she gets a little bit tired. I hope it’s nothing very serious or life-threatening. I feel like a lot of things will change as I speak now. I haven’t been sticking to my routines and schedules. I feel lazy and unmotivated to study. I don’t know what I’m waiting for. Probably 2024. It would be nice to skip to 2024. Because I am hoping 2024 would be different. I guess I’m just bored with my current lifestyle. I keep saying that but I haven’t actually been appreciating each moment. Maybe that’s where I’m wrong. I keep seeking a new lifestyle, never stopping to appreciate what I have now. I mean, who knows when’s the next time I’d have free time like this? Who says I won’t want a change of scenery once I am in college? Once I’m working? Once I’m living alone? I used to despise change. But now it’s all I crave. Maybe humans are deeply wired to experience change since that’s the only constant thing in the world. I mean, I shouldn’t feel bad if I can’t stick to something for a really long time. Maybe that’s just not me. Maybe people have different tolerances for change. Some people wouldn’t get bored doing the same thing over and over again for a heck of a long time, perhaps until they die. Then there’s the other people who changes their lives almost on a daily basis. But there are some who transitions every few years or months. I guess that’s okay, too. That’s where I’m at. People will say we just lack the discipline or something but y’know, I think it’s human nature to get bored eventually. Maybe we aren’t meant for rigid structures and subjecting to fixed states. Or at least, some people aren’t. We’re all just different, I guess. I’m not planning to sleep again today. I mean, I’m attempting to. I didn’t really have a plan in mind. I haven’t been motivated to study since the start of December. I don’t really think I can build up that spark just like that later when I decide to. This burnout took a toll on me and now I’m trying to take it easy. One step at a time. Yesterday, I finished 200+ of my Anki biology flashcards. That’s one achievement. Before December ends, I’ll finish the tarot card meanings Google Sheets I have. I’ll prioritize that over studying. I am determined to meet that deadline. I have been listening to albums before midnight and until now. I refused to listen to albums because I still haven’t received my earphones yet (my old one was chewed by our dog so there’s only one earbud available) but now I figured, fuck it, I’ll only listen for the surface level scratching anyway. I don’t have to feel the full experience with high quality equipment. So now I’m using my broken headphones. It does its job but it’s not perfect. I’ll make do with these. Hopefully I get my newly bought earphones by Wednesday so that I can properly listen to music by Thursday while I type down tarot card meanings.  

Hungry. Wide awake. Mind jumbled. Indecisive. Earlier I created my own [[music listening system (updated)]] which integrates both my RYM and Spotify. I showed it to Kanola, she brushed it aside because she probably didn't care—that's fine. In that system, I’d be making a list which consists of all albums that I find good to amazing to masterpiece. The thing is that I also decided to make a review for each of those albums, so I made a backlog and added those albums to that tag. There are 20 days left until 2024 and I’m reeaaally really determined to finish every single album before the year ends. There are about 120 albums so that means I need to listen to at least 7 albums a day and make a well-thought-out review for each. Now here's where I’m torn. I can't really enjoy listening right now because I haven't got my earphones yet. Also, I don't want to rush the process by blurting out nonsense reviews one after another, I want to enjoy the listening and writing experience. Plus I’m very sure this will result in a burnout because I’m hyperfixating again. I was really tempted to schedule the albums for everyday depending on their minute-count but that would make the process too rigid, I don't like that. Also, the editing part of the RYM lists can be a pain in the ass using just my phone, so there's that. I think I’ll just wait until my earphones arrive. Then I’ll make the list public by the start of 2024. Hopefully by that time I’d have a bunch of albums added to it.