status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I literally studied for 9 hours straight, pure Japanese. Last night, too. I posted a lot of my progress on Instagram, CJ saw it all. I'm glad I finished reviewing all the grammar points from Genki so far. I'm becoming good at Japanese. I even made a short horror story purely in Japanese—I feel proud of myself for how far I've come and how much hard work I'm putting into this investment in my skill. Tomorrow I'll study Math. I have to workout, too. Feeling very excited about it. That's it, I got nothing much to say. 

Wait, I do have something to say. I posted a mirror selfie on my Instagram story. CJ posted photos of herself in her Instagram story. I just, I can't help but feel like we match, y'know? Like something inside us is begging to come back and reunite. We're just lurking around each other's social media updates. Ate MJ and Louise never view my Instagram stories, it's just CJ. And.. I don't know. There's just something special about us. I know I sound very delusional and I'm very aware that I am. I'm not sure if I'm unintentionally entertaining these thoughts as I write here, or if I'm addressing them to avoid it in the future. I don't have plans on removing them from my followers/following list anytime soon, and I'm feeling too good to care or feel bad about it again. I have other business to attend to, I can't feel sad, I don't have time for it. Honestly, at this point, I'm just waiting for them to unfollow my account because I'm starting to become very active in it. 
  
Oh, also, I'm gonna start to cut back on milk and sugar in my coffee. I think that's what's causing my acne breakouts. It's really annoying. They keep appearing. Starting tomorrow, I won't add much sugar and milk. I'm gonna try to make it to drinking just black coffee. I think that's healthier.