status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[optimism]] [[yea]] 

I didn't sleep today. I started my day a little shakily: midnight, trying to enjoy my favorite time of the day by reading and listening to music for 4 hours straight. It was quite successful. Then, I used the laptop. I couldn't, for the life of me, start studying neither JavaScript nor high school geometry nor general physics. Instead, I added releases and artists on RateYourMusic and organized my lists. I finally finished all of them. That was a little bit of accomplishment. That drove me to finish listening to two of my playlists. Now that's two accomplishments. I suddenly had the urge to draw. So I painted a digital portrait on my phone—third accomplishment. Then I finished a book about art (which was not that good)—called ***Steal Like An Artist***—but hey, another hurrah. I spent the afternoon watching a bunch of short films. But then my mom told me to go buy some bread, soap and a bunch of other stuff. She gave us (me and my sister, along with our dog Cheesecake) a 1000-peso bill. I took the chance. I sneaked in a 21-peso mini lighter, with the excuse of using it for my art projects. I have a feeling they know that I'd use it for smoking though but they're just not mentioning it. I'm not exactly discreet. I watched a Turkish-German environmental documentary ca***lled Polluting Paradise***. Then, I continued reading ***The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy*** by *Douglas Adams* while listening to a hardcore punk Japanese album called ***Itekoma Hits*** sang by an all-female band *Otoboke Beaver* recommended by a friend. So, anyways, I sit here on my bed, free from all intimate connections, completely utterly painstakingly understandably alone. Somehow, the depression cloud let up once I started to remember why I didn't want to die. Even if my family is in a rough patch financially at the moment. Even if my future is very much uncertain and there's no way of knowing if we'll get kicked out of the apartment again for the hundredth time or if my parents would die from old age or exhaustion due to work or if I'd go about my days detached and incapable of making deep emotional connections for the rest of my life. It's like I'm back to where I was on June of 2020. And November of 2019. And January of 2018. And all the years before it which made me remember just how humongous this demon has always been, always right beside me. It's been more than 24 hours now since I've last woken up from an 18-hour depression slumber. Today, I won't sleep again, as an act of defiance of the laws of nature, and I will go out at 5 in the morning to take a walk in the cold October air, and smoke a cigarette or two at the bridge overlooking the river, while listening to *Deftones*, in my white shirt and worn down flannel. I would have drilled into my mind that I am alone, a tad bit lonely, but thriving in the addiction of coming out of a low, feeling liberated, just like my growing nicotine addiction. I still have a pack of 15 stale bitter cigarettes—that I first opened more than 2 years ago during my first ever long-distance voice call with my now ex-girlfriend who I'm still not exactly over with and probably will never be—and I'll take my precious time smoking one after another, as the dreadful yet hopeful months pass by. I will welcome my birthday with a cigarette. I will welcome Christmas with a cigarette. I will welcome 2024 with a cigarette. I would have the knowledge that the more I smoke, the lesser the years I have left on this planet—all those time I very much value. But I would also know the fact that I will be living, still, in these moments. With my phone screen cracked, with my hair smelling faintly of my mother's conditioner, with the taste of the last coffee we have in our house on my tongue, with the demon sitting next to me who reveals to have always been a friend after all, it was myself—I am alone. I am alive. I have nothing else to lose.