status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] 

This is the first digital journal entry I’ll do for 2023. 

My sister and I went to McDonald’s this morning. She bought burger steak and treated me to iced coffee with vanilla. It was nice, we talked about college plans, online friends, going to school, *Mabanta* life and being rich (dreamily). We went back and bought *taho* as we were going.

It’s Thursday so it’s laptop day (my brother going to work and me borrowing our laptop). I didn’t feel like coding or studying Javascript, but I tried to practice a bit, and went to listen to music. I listened to A LOT of music today, namely: *Bauhaus*’s ***In the Flat Field***, *Dealers of God*’s ***Dealer’s Choice***, *David Bowie*’s ***Let’s Dance***, *The Microphones*’s ***The Glow Pt. 2***, *Modest Mouse*’s ***The Lonesome Crowded West***. In between those, I duplicated playlists from Spotify to Google Docs.

My best friend Isabella talked to me about how she came out as a bisexual to her youth pastor. We talked about her questioning her identity and her beliefs, self-growth and whatnot. It seems like she’s not sure where she stands and I understand. Of course, when something you want to believe in threatens to change who you are—or you think you are—you’d feel perplexed, mystified. You’re at a standstill and you’re stuck. I told her that, and even if she chooses otherwise (becoming straight) then I’ll still respect her like how she shows me respect. I said I’d still stand by my belief that it’s okay to be whoever you are and to love whoever you want and that if there’s one thing I agree with in religions is that “only god can judge you” (whoever god it may be). She mentioned something about “bigotry is evil” (I had to search what bigotry meant) and I might have scratched my head because I kind of believe that religion itself is bigotry, as well, but I didn’t mention that to her. She responded with telling me how much of a good person I am despite me having a different belief and being an agnostic.

Oh, I have to mention that I met someone on study Discord; a 17-year-old Indian kid who’s really talkative but actually kinda sweet. We agreed to be study buddies and honestly, nothing changed for me except that I have to talk to someone every single day. Hopefully I don’t get burned out or anything. And if I do, I’ll tell him that. Besides, I have to practice talking to someone before going to college. I noticed that I’ve been more confident lately; I stand my ground and say what I say or disagree when I have to disagree. I might be bordering on narcissistic (a bit) but that’s okay, I’ll just call it “self love."
  
Speaking of college, one infuriating thing happened to me today. The one other college I plan on applying to (University of Makati), they don’t accept other strands for the Computer Science program—only STEM or ICT. Jesus, it has been the third school this has happened. I’m so frustrated! How can they be so strict? Don’t they know students can have a change of mind/heart during/after senior high school? What gives? Is the universe telling me something? My last, one and only chance of getting a Computer Science degree is PLM (*Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila*) and honestly, it means that I have to do extremely well on the entrance exam. I feel like the pressure is on, like really. It further drives the passion to pass the exam, not just with an “it is what it is” attitude. But really, if worse comes to worst, I’ll just apply for Multimedia Arts in UMak. I also emailed CIIT if I can re-apply for 2023. I seem desperate right now and it’s true. I need to get into at least one college and I’m running out of options.

Jhanna replied to me last night, by the way. She said she just went through an episode. I feel bad for her, honestly. She’s having it rough lately. It feels selfish to talk about myself when she’s struggling but it’s not like she’s opening up either. It’s like she doesn’t want to talk about her feelings at all. I’m really worried.

I feel extra energized today—actually, I have been for a while now. I’m probably hypomanic, and that’s great! I need that energy. My mind has been more clear and sharp, my drive to study more and do more is heightened. I hope this goes on for a long time, I have to ace that entrance exam.