status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[family]] [[prompts]]

I woke up at 5 in the morning and got ready (without showering) because I'm gonna get my meds at NCMH. I'm wearing my black *Led Zeppelin* shirt and red shorts with my chained belt, plus a bunch of black bracelets and rusted silver rings. On the way there, the jeepney driver and tricycle driver who're driving the vehicles I rode on couldn't hear what I was saying. That's more annoying than embarrassing. They said it was because I had a mask on. Anyways, before going, I bought a calamansi-flavored Smart C at Uncle John's in crossing. So, I arrived at NCMH, got my meds pretty quickly with a little bit of waiting and immediately head back home. When I got home, I felt a little bit sleepy and I didn't feel like doing anything so I went to sleep instead. I woke up at quarter to 9, and when I went outside my room, I heard my younger sister crying in front of my parents. I asked what was wrong and they said my sister is experiencing the same thing I experienced when I was unmedicated. I sat down with them and listened to what my sister had to say. Her and dad were mostly doing all the talking while my mom and I just listened. My sister said she was just feeling overwhelmed by everything and she didn't know how to deal with her frustrations in a healthy way, and so she burst out crying like that in front of them. I just listened. My dad said that they scold her because they're preparing her for the real world—which I see the point of. He also said that what her experiencing is normal: she's a teenager and she's depressed—which is a double struggle. She just have to be aware of it and fight the thoughts as they come—she said she is aware. My dad kept reminding her that it's normal and we love her and we'll listen to her if ever she feels low again. I finally spoke up after some moments and told them, when I look back to myself who was depressed and suicidal when I was a teenager, I couldn't identify myself to the person I was then—it's like I am not the same person. I didn't know how it got better and how it changed, but it did. So I told her that it does get better, she just has to find things that she can hold onto and just keep on holding onto them, and that to not give up hope no matter what, as my dad said. We ended the talk with me giving her water and her hugging our mom and dad. My mom quietly told me to watch over my sister always. I nodded. I ate my dinner, watched Youtube videos for motivation—but I still didn't feel like doing analytical reading at the moment, so I didn't. Instead I'm writing this down. I don't know if what I said resonated with my sister helped her in any way. The whole time I was thinking if how much my meager contributions will be enough. I also thought about how whether I couldn't give the same kind of support to my friend Lou, and how she's slowly slipping away from me because of that. Then I thought about how, as long as I have my family like this, that is more than enough. And it will be my job to maintain this kind of healthy relationship, at the very least. 

If my life was a reality TV show, I guess the hook that would draw viewers in (at least the kind I want to be drawn) is just the idea that I'm just a normal person, like everybody else. It's gonna sound boring, considering what reality TV shows go through just to make things interesting, and it's not much, but it's honest work. I want them to feel like my life is something that they can turn to whenever they feel lost. When they watch my reality TV show, I want them to feel like they are not alone—and how being mundane and painstakingly normal is very much okay, nothing wrong with it at all. I want them to feel the same passion and love I have with life, which they have witnessed how I achieved them even when I hit rock bottom a couple of times. I want them to see how I got to where I am now, from dying almost everyday. It's not gonna resonate with everyone but with those who do, I believe it's gonna be very much worth it.