status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[friendship]] [[limerence]] [[reminiscing]] [[people-pleasing]] 

I'm gonna be real here. I don't actually want to reconcile with my former internet friends. In fact, just thinking about interacting with them, especially with ate MJ, makes me anxious, considering I didn't even say goodbye to her. I only actually want to be friends again with CJ. Of course, because I'm still limerent over her. There, I said it. Damn, actually saying it makes it more real. But it's the truth. I can't keep avoiding that fact. However, I can't deny that it's very selfish. I never truly wanted to stay friends with them, or at least make an effort. I was only putting on a show for CJ. I want her to reciprocate my feelings so bad that I'd do anything. I needed her validation, I needed her attention. I'm so fucked up. I'm starting to think I may actually need a therapist to work through these obsessions. I can't keep living like this. Well, I can, but I just can't keep tolerating it. I need to stop obsessing over her. I keep saying time is the only crucial thing that can save my sanity and help me move on but really, we all know it all started coming back again when I unmuted her on Instagram and not take the action of hiding my stories from her. Look what happened, I crave the possibility of her viewing my stories. So stupid. Remove hope, I said. Remove all goddamn hope of reconciling and getting back together. That's in the past, fucking accept that and get over it, goddamnit. There, I muted her on Instagram again and hid my stories. That should do the trick. I can't bring myself to soft-block her and my former internet friends. I don't know why. No, I know why. I am still hoping for reconciliation. Can I still keep them in my followers/following list even if I don't hope for reconciliation? Is it possible? I feel like that's the only connection we have left, aside from Spotify. I just can't bring myself to sever that tie. Is it okay? Every day I fear and dread that they'd finally decide to unfollow my account. I know I'll go through that same grief again. No, actually, I dread that CJ would do it. I wouldn't really mind as much if Louise and ate MJ do so. 

Today I wanna talk about my middle school to high school life at Kapitolyo High School. I want to understand why I decided to cut my former friends and acquaintances off. To be honest, my memories fluctuate. Sometimes I remember them vividly, sometimes I don't. Was I happy back then? Was I happier? I know it kinda seemed like I was bright and all smiles all the time. I know it kinda seemed like I had a lot of friends and I was pretty popular. But at the same time, those were my worst days. It also felt like I was completely alone and nobody really knew me. I hated myself back then and I knew why. I was faking all the time. I was a people-pleaser. I never say no. I never stood up for what I believed in. I don't think I really believed in anything, I just went with whatever the majority was believing. I didn't have a sense of self and I hated myself for that. I was reliant on other people's validations. But I only knew this deep inside, I was actively avoiding it, I deluded myself. But thinking about that now, makes me want to shun all those memories. I despise anything and everything that reminds me of my past self. I was not me. Or more accurately, I was not the me I am now. However, there's IC. I was close friends with her way before senior high school at APEC. Somehow she's an exception. Or I don't know. I used to say to myself that I'll eventually leave her, the same way I left everyone else, it was just a matter of time. That was a very cruel thought but it was very real, too. Do I still think that? Somehow, she became an important part of my life, no matter our past mutual experiences. I learned to care about her and love her. I don't think I can bring myself to cut her off now. She's one of my two closest friends I can talk to about anything. I really should learn how to be more human. I can't keep being disconnected with myself and my relationships with the people around me. I am not a basket case. I will learn how to love and care for other people and not always focus on myself. That's what's been making me miserable. Anyway, I don't think I'll be coming back to my former friends anytime soon. And I don't really have to. It's better this way, I think.