status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[prompts]]

I was not supposed to sleep earlier... but alas, I fell asleep, like always. I don't know why I still try even though I reap the same fruit. I woke up past 3 PM, reluctant to do anything. But I just said fuck it, I'm gonna do this one thing and see where it goes. So, I did a little bit of weightlifting—that's more than enough. The important thing is that I started it and I went through with it. It gave me a boost, so I showered. Then, I studied one tarot card: *Justice*. I took a step further and studied anatomy, the lower back muscles specifically, and drew figures showcasing their forms. I closed it off and went straight to home by doing an analytical reading of a book for an hour, while also writing on my commonplace book. I think the book (I'm reading) is starting to make more sense the more I read it and I find myself mostly agreeing with what's being said. That being said, tomorrow is a big day (filled with studying) because I got a lot of catching up to do with math—I've been neglecting it for days. 

The last time I cried was when I was watching an exurb1a video titled "and then we'll be okay." Basically it is about a man named Tao, who had his father killed by a snake. So he set off to a journey across the Death Barrier, up in the mountains, to find the snake, and kill it. Along the way he met an old lady who seem to know everything about what he's up to so she accompanies him. They arrived at multiple strange places, abandoned ones, where the New Gods once resided. There, they obtained relics: glasses, sword, tankard, boots, and the one final relic was from the old lady: a locket with a picture of Tao's dad. So then, he was ready to battle the snake. When he saw the snake looking out at the vastness of everything, back facing him, Tao made a mighty strike but when he opened his eyes, the snake was gone. He was confused, but then the old lady said there was never a snake to begin with. Everyone just wants something to blame, a snake, a god, themselves. The New Gods achieved such great things because they kept wanting more—they wanted to get away from loneliness, so they climbed. They want to get away from misery, so they climbed further up. They want to fill the emptiness inside them, and so they climbed higher and higher, and then they'll be okay. But the thing is, by doing so, they're just creating more suffering. They'll never ever be satisfied, it is impossible. The old lady told Tao all of this, and he understood. She said "Go back home, grieve for your dead father, and just live." He asked if everyone from the village went through the same thing and went after the snake—she said every single one, and every single one returned back from the mountain to live their lives. They didn't want greatness, they just wanted to exist. The last several minutes of that video brought tears to my eyes, and at that moment, I didn't know why. It just spoke to me. I guess it's a reminder that I don't have to achieve greatness to escape misery—I just have to be. I can connect that to what I'm reading currently and how desires and attachments are the root causes of all suffering. We just keep on wanting and wanting, to satisfy our ravenous egos—but it's a futile neverending attempt. We all just have to let go, and accept that things just happen. We just have to be, just to be.