status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I was not supposed to sleep today. I was planning on finishing the 4-hour long Chinese film called ***An Elephant Sitting Still*** but 30 minutes in, I fell asleep, so my plan's ruined. I did wake up around 9 in the morning though and I started my day by continuing an artwork while listening to some albums. I finished *Tobira* Chapter 1 yesterday so I started on Chapter 2. It was nice. I didn't use a bunch of colored pens this time and just stuck to blue as the other color instead of black. I did calisthenics today (core). It's a new routine I made but I'm surprised how easy and quick it was, even the plank. Also, I may be one of those people who can easily acquire muscle definition. Anyways, I did my usual Japanese immersion routine: listen to music, listen to a podcast episode, watch Youtube, watch one hour of a film, then 3 anime episodes. ***Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann*** kinda made me tear up a bit. Fuck, I'm really susceptible to emotional moments, aren't I? Then I watched ***Shoujo Kageki Revue Starlight*** while cooking some bacon for dinner. The hot oil was spewing out the pan but I protected my phone. I listened to one podcast episode by *Sisyphus 55* (now that you've mentioned it I haven't logged it on my media spreadsheet I'll do it ASAP). I contemplated ditching learning tarot but I ended up sticking with it, after all. I prepared to sleep earlier than 10 PM. Somehow, I decided to read Claudine X Maya *doujinshis* until 11 PM. My brother had to use my sister's laptop so he turned the lights on. I wouldn't be able to sleep at this point...