status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I planned on not sleeping today. I was close to doing it, I even finished listening to 4 hours of music and drawing. But when I was watching a film, I fell asleep. I woke up groggily in the morning to my parents arguing, then I slept again. I woke up 4 PM with no energy or motivation that I had the day before. I went straight to working even if I didn't want to (but not before drinking my morning meds). I studied one tarot card (*The Emperor*), did my dailies, then studied Math at around 6 PM. I finished 2 units, I was having a lot of trouble with rates and percentages, I couldn't focus properly for some reason—it was kind of annoying but yea, I finished 2 units. I'm figuring I need more time to finish everything. I also read, or at least tried to. I couldn't grasp what I was reading so I watched a few videos on how to read difficult books. They said I should take notes, read slowly, and summarize. I'm restarting the book I'm reading now to do just that, and make the most out of reading. I think I'm going to have a designated notebook for note-taking based on what I read. 

I dreamt of Jia again, kinda like the continuation of my dream yesterday. This time, we were together. We do a lot of PDA, too. My friends and family know. It was kinda nice. There was one scene where we were at a mall with CJ and one other friend. Me and Jia were very touchy-feely-couple-y. CJ was just quiet the whole time. Later, when I got home, CJ changed a lot of things in her Spotify, even removed our collab playlist. Anyways, when I woke up, I was incredibly yearning for my crush. But then, when she finally answered both of my NGL anonymous questions, I also found out she has a boyfriend. Welp, that's it. I knew I should just stick to studying. Pretty disappointed (that she's dating a guy) but yeah, I'm disappointed. I was looking forward to being limerent over her, to replace CJ, but now that plan is ruined, I guess. I have no choice but to just focus on my studies now and become so fucking smart the whole world will not recognize me.