status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[limerence]] [[book]] [[buddhism]] 

I started my day by making a mug of coffee, of course. Then I used the laptop. I listened to my playlist as I added albums to my RYM list "shit to listen to (the neverending challenge)". My brother used the laptop around quarter to 10 to past 10:30 because he had a meeting, but I got it back eventually. Around quarter to 12, I started studying JavaScript. I'm still at the fundamentals—with the conditional statements, ternary and switch. I also did a few exercises, which were fairly easy, that's why I finished early. I skipped the Chrome DevTools section. Then, I figured I can do the other fundamentals part in the next Tuesdays, so I studied biology instead. I finished a few units of high school biology—it's really fun to create notes. I'm starting to see a little bit of difficulty with the practice exercises but nothing I can't handle. I might need to brush up on my knowledge though, by re-reading and using Anki. I didn't study math today, for some reason, I'm still a little bit traumatized with the congruence shit last week, I guess. I ended my laptop session by listening to a few Japanese albums (don't you just hate it when Japanese albums aren't available on Spotify in your country?) and adding albums to my RYM list again (this is my go-to activity while listening to albums). All the while I realized: if I can do inspectional reading for books, who's to say I can't do the same with albums? And I mean listening to albums from start to finish, without skipping, without rating, without opinions, not until I've got a good grasp of what I'm consuming—but that largely depends on if I liked it the first listen or if I don't, I'd have to skip re-listening altogether. In that way, in a way, I'd be able to listen to more albums AND I won't have to just mindlessly consume albums one after another, I'd actually be more likely to listen to them again and form opinions on it. Now, I think I'm gonna listen to one album a day, then save those that I liked firsthand, so that I can keep coming back to it whenever I want to. How do I add it to my 2023 Google Sheets media record then? Well, I'm just still gonna add it as a new entry, even if I didn't listen to the tracks in chronological order. I will also add the albums to my 2023 RYM album log. But I won't rate the albums, just the tracks, as I listen to them for the first time. 

One peculiar thing happened today. The thought of my ex NEVER really crossed my mind the entire day—that has never happened before, this is the very first time. I only thought of her when I saw that she viewed my story—I let out a "bitch!" out of surprise. Surprise because I realized I didn't think of her at all the whole day. It was weird because I kept checking my Instagram story views, without actually thinking about HER viewing it, I'm just checking it out of habit, mindlessly. And when she actually did view my story, I realized "oh, I was waiting for her without actually thinking about her directly." It's just pure limerence acting up. For a brief moment, I disentangled from its vines, living my life as I breathe normally. Like damn, I can actually live a life without thinking about her, and I can keep living that life, I just got a taste of it this time, and it tastes so good. It's like, waking up the next morning, after a terrible flu, feeling a whole lot better—without clogged nose, without burning skin, without cold sweats, without relentless coughing. I can do this. If there's something that happened today that I want to  remember 10 years from now, it is this occurrence. I am capable of overcoming my obsessions and diseases of the mind. At the start, for a short while, I am able to breathe steadily and without the mind consuming me. I can keep going. 

I ended my day by finishing my analytical reading of ***If It Could Happen to Buddha, Why Not You?***
by *Vasant Joshi*. I kind of gave up halfway because I feel like it has nothing more of importance to say, for me personally. And so, I typed out my review for it, and it is in a wry sarcastic tone, but I figured I guess that's the way I review books—in a jokish manner, not very serious, because I'd find it boring if it was. It was lengthy, I enumerated my notes on each part and chapter. I believe I did a fairly well job illustrating the points, the problems and the solutions. Would I remember everything? Maybe. Do I believe in what the author was saying? In part. I believe there is something to take away from Buddhist teachings, and it's that the only way to be, is to be. Being aware, being present, being conscious—being. That idea gives me huge comfort, I don't care what anyone says, it's helping me in many ways. Would I say the book is a well-written book? No, I don't think so. Aside from it being brief, it wasn't very clear at some parts, especially the beginning. There was all the talk about enlightenment and transforming the consciousness, but eventually I came up with a conclusion for the author, which he did not deliver properly. If there was one thing I can take away from reading this book, it's that I'm already living in enlightenment. I don't have to meditate every single day for 15 minutes or go completely insane by figuring out the perfect yoga poses, no. Just existing, and being aware of everything, without judgment and attachments and desires, THAT is the key to living, at least in the Buddhist sense. 

I still haven't written a letter for Lou, and I still haven't received any messages from her. I'll write the letter tomorrow probably.