status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I haven't slept yet since yesterday. Yesterday I did a lot of housework and cooking. Ever since my mom got discharged from the hospital, she's prohibited from being exhausted. So naturally the cooking and chores and errands fall onto me. I bathed Cheesecake. I cooked rice twice. I cooked sausages and hams for lunch. I swept the house. I cooked tinola for the very first time. My family said it was good. This time, I do feel like an adult. Like I'm shouldering responsibilities for my mom, who's starting to grow old and sick. I just know this is only the start. In the future, I'll be in charge of a lot of things. I'll be held accountable and responsible for my mistakes and failures, like a real adult. I decided not to sleep today. For most of the day, I didn't feel like doing anything. But I forced myself to read and listen to music. I borrowed my brother's laptop early in the morning. I listened to *The Caretaker*'s 6-part 6-hour long album ***Everywhere at the End of Time***, while reluctantly typing down tarot card meanings on my Google Sheets. I was really really bored and didn't want to do it, so I decided to just fill it bit by bit as days go by. Then I asked Gaunderninox on Discord how he has that "Currently Listening to/Now Watching" widget pop-up he has everytime he's on the VC. He told me it's OBS layouts. So I spent hours figuring out how to do those; connect it to Discord, connect it to my Spotify account, mirror the video camera, add a bunch of aesthetic 2000's grunge/goth gif pngs. For most of the time, I was alone in the channel, while listening to *Parannoul*'s ***To See The Next Part of the Dream***, so I was pretty carefree. Aya came to the server, looking exactly like ate MJ would. We talked, she ate her avocado bagel. She asked me if I was an INTP or INTJ. I told her I was INFJ. Then I guessed her MBTI, I got it right the second time; it was INFP. Anyway, I got kinda self-conscious during the brief exchange so I messaged Kanola and asked her if me having heavily customized Discord video screen screamed autistic. She hasn't replied yet but I do feel like I'm being weird. But I really like my set-up right now, no matter how weird and messy it is. I felt like myself, and the feeling that some people wouldn't accept who I really am despite me being genuine and authentic. But anyways, Gaunderninox praised my set-up and said it was aesthetic. I thanked him, mostly for not making me feel out of place. He's a real one, that guy. He knows his memes and references. My mind was starting to become a mess so I bid Aya and Gaunderninox in the VC goodbye. I don't think I'll be sleeping immediately yet, I just wanted to lie down and maybe rest for a bit. I'm not sure what I'm gonna do before 6 PM. Maybe plan for tomorrow and finish my coffee.