status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

The emptiness is still there. No matter what I do. 

I've been thinking that I only talk about myself and my problems and feelings in my journal. I want to talk about other things, too, but I'm not knowledgeable in all other areas of life. I want to be able to give my opinions on certain topics. All this talking about myself feels so self-absorbed. I only think about myself, that's not good. But, it can be good if I know where to put my attention but just pure venting is just complaining. 

I think I'm getting quite tired of taking care of a dog. Cheesecake peed on our (sheet-less) bed again. A little later, she wiped her ass on our bed after she pooed. I was the one who cleaned her behind and cleaned the floors where she wiped her poo-stained butt. I've just been thinking, just earlier, that I never wanted this in the first place. I never wanted a dog. They require so much attention. What I wanted is a cat, they're very low maintenance. Having a dog is suffocating. It demands attention at all times. Why do I have to be the one to clean her shit and bathe her every other day? I didn't ask for this. I just want to be left alone right now, to be honest. I don't want to attend to anything. Maybe this is just what I'm feeling right now, maybe it'll pass.

I dreamt of CJ yesterday. It was about Instagram. I've been posting stuff on my story, I don't know if I had her on mute or if she saw them. I just remembered posting a lot of images on my Instagram. Then she went live on her Instagram. Naturally, I went and viewed it. It's quite amusing, she was really really popular on Instagram. Like, full-on Twitch streamer kind of thing where she actually has fans who ask and send her stuff. I was like '*woah, she's really popular, huh?*' To interpret my dream, it's saying that that's how I see her. This popular unreachable pretty girl. I've always put her on a pedestal, always seeing her in rose-colored glasses. I don't think I'll ever be able to see her as a person. This is why cutting her off was a good idea, the best even. Not until I see her as an individual human, for who she is, I can't come back. I aslo have to accept the possibility that that may never happen. Remove all hope, I keep saying.

I want to go outside again—go to Capitol Commons again, walk anywhere until my feet go tired, and buy coffee and 2 *Kariman*s at Ministop—all while listening to podcasts. I'm not even doing this to lose weight or anything. I just really like the tranquil feeling of going outside during a cold morning. And walking. Just walking. For god knows how long. I want that.

Just a few more weeks and I'll meet Kanola. I feel like she's very excited to be able to come to Philippines again. And probably excited to hang out with me, too. She's been looking forward to this. She even thought of buying me something. I told her to just treat me to a coffee, she laughed and said yes. Really, I only said that because I'm kinda short on money lol. There it is, money. I am burdening my mom by asking for money to hang out with Kanola. I'm probably also gonna ask my dad to lend me money. Pathetic, right? Unemployed not-in-college 21-year-old kid who's still completely dependent on her parents. But what could I do? I'm using my time to master different skills. I'm still kind of preparing to live, even if that mindset is not really ideal. My life will actually start once I go to college. I know, I know, life already started as soon as I was born but you know, I can't help but feel like that. Like I'll only feel alive once I go out there and actually do stuff. Of course, I'm alive now as can be, but I am finding it hard to appreciate this moment. And that's okay. This is what I am feeling, and I accept that. I have plenty more days as opportunities to appreciate the moment, which is every day. Anyways, as I was saying. I am so confident now talking to Kanola about our plans of hanging out but do I really have the guts to face her in real life? I bet I'll be anxious as fuck and be unable to talk. I haven't met with another person in a 1-on-1 meeting other than IC. I wouldn't be as comfortable, of course. I don't know, I'll probably just wing it. I'll be myself but also in a tame way. I'll try not to be weird, I guess. 

Fuck, I'm shaking so badly. I'm probably hungry but there's no food here. My parents don't have money. I drank *Biperiden* to stop the shaking. I only have two left. My mom would have to buy some until I come back to NCMH. 

I just realized I can look forward to something, like college for example, without thinking that life hasn't started yet, still appreciating every moment of every day. It is possible. I just have to become very self-aware and savor each second. as well as becoming grateful. For example, I am hungry and shaking right now. I'm probably thinking I should've appreciated all those moments we had plenty of food and I had every opportunity to eat whatever I want. Instead, I'm gonna be thankful that I have this moment to lay down and listen to music, no matter what discomfort I'm currently feeling. I am aware of what unpleasantness I'm feeling and yet I am still thankful for this moment. See? That wasn't so bad. Good days will come, bad days will come—that's life. I have plenty to look forward to and I have the power to make them happen. I'm in control of my life. I'm doing what I want and I'm thankful for that.