status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[bipolar]] [[loneliness]] [[people-pleasing]] [[mental illness]] [[death]] [[love]] 

Just right after midnight, my sister is in the bathroom, I really got to go but I just don't know what's taking her so fucking long everytime she goes to the bathroom. I was pacing around to hold my pee in. But then, when I was just right at the door of my room, I couldn't stop it—I peed my shorts and underwear. Immediately, I ran towards our dog's litter, and unloaded a long, steady stream of pee. I kept hoping my sister doesn't come out of the bathroom at that exact moment I was squatting down in front of the bathroom door. Our dog Cheesecake was looking at me as I did the act, either out of curiosity or pity. She positioned herself in front of me, on the bathroom rag, and peed—nothing came out. I guess she just wanted to copy what I was doing. I quickly took off my shorts and underwear, grabbed fresh ones, and wore them. When my sister got out of the bathroom, I immediately washed the dog litter and changed the urine sheet, it was completely drenched with my pee. But anyways, I cleaned it and never spke about it to anyone else. I google'd "how to hold pee longer" and "trouble holding pee in." It says I should stop smoking and cut down on caffeine—yeah, no, I'm not doing that. 

I noticed this strange habit of mine everytime I post something on the internet: I keep trying to explain and defend myself for reasons being: I'm uninformed, inadequate, a little dumb, doesn't hold up to certain expectations—who the fuck cares? Just say shit and do shit without having to justify everything you do. You are allowed to exist. Breathe a little, jesus.

One particular feeling has been constant since the moment I woke up until the moment I'm writing here: I want to run away, from everything and everyone. I want to completely isolate myself and start again. Start all over again, from nothing. Exactly like that feeling everytime I skip classes, and the world goes on, while I lay in bed, exhaling in relief that I won't be participating in society, even if for just a moment. I want to remove all my friends from my currently deactivated Instagram private account, from my following and followers list. I just want to be alone. I don't know if I'll regret it if I actually do it but it's only an intense desire at the moment. For now, I'll wallow in self-pity and isolation, as I figure my shit out, think about what the fuck went wrong, and what my problem is. I don't want anyone to be involved with how much of a mess I am at the moment, I'm just not worth the time and effort anymore. 

I remembered I wrote this depressing rant on my iCloud notes back in 2020—my lowest point, probably. But it's weird that nothing actually changed when I read it, I still feel the same: I don't love people. I am incapable of feeling love: to love or be loved. It's incredibly selfish, not because I can't love, but because I pretend to—or, at least, try very hard to. Not even my friends, not even my own family. I'm just so detached from any living human being. I am lying to myself and everyone else. It's worse because I am only aware of it everytime I am kind of in a depressive episode, a little bit sobered up, never in a manic episode. When I'm manic, I'm completely oblivious to everything and I feel so optimistically ignorant that my problems and other people's problems just seem to be gone. I have this particular kind of detachment, an inability to sympathize or empathize with what people are feeling, because I'm too "happy" to feel those. Though I'd feel like I have this special connection to the universe, that I'm actually perfectly fine after all. But fuck, I just don't know what to believe in anymore. I can't believe in what I think or feel. Only in these moments that I become aware of things, and I'm not even sure if it's just the depression talking. All of these things happen even when I'm medicated, though I should be thankful it's milder compared to when I'm off of it. Do I need a stronger dose? Or do I actually need someone to tell me how the fuck should I properly handle this illness? God, I need another cigarette. 

If I were to die today, I want people to forget me. I want them to forget my name, my face, my identity. Instead, I want them to remember how I am this person who wished more to be a part of life, except that life wasn't very kind to her at all. I want them to say that I tried—god knows how hard I did. I want them to say I am someone who fell in love with life, but life probably didn't share the same sentiments. I want them to say that I will always be here, spectating, even if it doesn't seem so. I was nothing special, just an afterthought.