status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] [[brain]] [[prompts]] 

It was Friday the 13th yesterday. I don't know the significance of it, I just said it. I fell asleep a few hours after midnight when I said I wouldn't sleep so I could smoke at dawn. It didn't happen. I woke up at 5 in the afternoon. I posted a really heartfelt journal entry on my Instagram and Letterboxd, nobody cared except for Kanola, which should be what I ought to prefer. I just wanted to put my feelings out there. I'm an artist, don't blame me. I feel a little lightheaded at the moment. Not sure if it was the nicotine or that I drank half of my mug's worth of strong coffee. Anyways, I told my parents earlier we ran out of coffee so they sent me out to buy some and creamer. I took this opportunity to do what I originally planned to do in the morning. I went up the bridge overlooking the river, I was listening to *Deftones*, I was wearing my white shirt underneath my turquoise flannel, then I smoked as the sun disappeared from the sky. There were people walking by, I paid them no mind. Except I become self-conscious when they walk past me, my social anxiety acting up. I noticed this whenever I smoke: my hands tremble. I reckon it's because the first time I tried to smoke, I always felt like I will be found out by my parents as I'm smoking, so I get really nervous and alert. And that stuck until today. My hands were shaking all over as I try to light up my cigarette. My hands were shaking as I put the cigarette to my lips and inhaled. It's seriously annoying. I smoked 2 sticks. I spit on the river to clear off the strong bitter, somewhat plastic, taste of the cigarette from my tongue. I should buy mint candies next time. I can't wait to buy a pack of mint-flavored cigarettes. I went to Super 8 to buy what I needed to buy. The whole time I was walking back home, I kept on smelling myself—my hair and clothes smell of smoke. I kinda like the smell but I was worried my parents would notice, especially my mom, so I was very careful not to stand close to my mom when I got home. Also, I'm planning to eat more vegetables to at least counteract the long-term effects of cigarettes' toxic chemicals to my body. I know it might not do much but I really oughta be healthy if I want to smoke for a longer amount of time.

I dreamt about ate MJ. Yes, the MJ that was once my internet friend. In my dream, she was a head taller than me; I'm as tall as her shoulders. For some reason, she is spending time with me and my family—tita Jane was there, too, so that means we have money and we can do stuff that we would normally can't afford. We ate at a good restaurant and we stayed at a good hotel. Ate MJ and I talked about her work and her travel trips, she even showed me pictures. We also talked about me leaving and possibly coming back now that we talked. I told her I was worried they wouldn't welcome me back, ate MJ said it'll be okay. Then, I apologized because I didn't say goodbye to her when I left. She is leaving for London a day later. I begged her to come back to the Philippines on December so we can all meet. She said she'll see. I had a great time with her. When she left, my aunt found out she lost her rings; hers and her dead husband's. She blamed ate MJ and demanded I call her back. I call bullshit. The dream ends there. 

There's this constant thought in my mind that I only looked up on Google today. Does the human mind memory storage capacity have a limit? Apparently there are only like 10 million or something synapses available and the human mind can store 2500 terabytes (2.5 million gigabytes) worth of memories. But they said there is no physical limit and a healthy human brain will never stop learning. Even though at times, there are factors which limits the brain from remembering stuff. But I felt a bit of comfort with the fact that if Einstein can think up a bunch of really smart stuff then certainly, I can, too, depending on my brain. But it is possible to keep on learning and filling my head with everything I encounter. It makes me want to appreciate everything more. 

"Where do you think you will be in 5 years?" is what interviewers would often ask to an interviewee. I just know I'll fail so much interviews because I know my answer will always just be: "I don't know." But it's true, isn't it? No one knows what will happen to their lives in 5 years, moreover the next day! But I guess they're just acting that to see if I have a sense of ambition or a goal to reach, some kind of passion, or if I visualize myself working for the company or some shit—at least that's what I think they'd like to hear. It's pretty dumb, but I kind of get the point. Even if I'm aware of how dumb it is, I know I'd have to answer that question with an equally expected answer, just to get the job, just to play the game everyone else is.