status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I stayed up late. I watched a film called ***Aftersun***, recommended by Kanola, it wasn't that great, I was pretty disappointed. I fell asleep right after. I woke up at 2 PM. My mom's at the hospital doing stuff and getting checked. I thought we weren't gonna be able to get our dog vaccinated but my mom messaged me and my sister to get ready because we'll go to the vet. When she got home, she had a chicken sandwich and a blueberry-banana waffle with her—I ate both of them because I haven't eaten anything yet—then we went out. The trip to the vet was quick. Our dog got vaccinated just like that, so we went home. It started to drizzle, and since our dog isn't supposed to get wet, we stopped by the Korean store to eat ice cream. My mom talked about how she dreams of relaxing at a spa, since there was one near the takoyaki place. Anyway, I got strawberry sundae. Then, we stopped by a barbecue place near our house so we could buy our dinner. My mom ended up buying a fuckton of different kinds of barbecue. We waited at the park, talking about nothing and anything. Also, I took our dog home because we didn't want her to get wet if it rains. We got home and we ate immediately. Each of us had a chicken neck, chicken foot, two types of chicken intestines, two sticks of chicken ears, and something called *bato* that tastes just like chicken liver. I was really stuffed. I lazed around for most of the evening while listening to *Parannoul*'s ***To See The Next Part of the Dream***. I still haven't reviewed the album. Maybe because I'm overthinking it and putting too much pressure on myself to make it the same as my previous album reviews. Maybe I should just write what I want. Anyways, there are 2 days left before my personal private Instagram account gets completely deleted. This really is goodbye. I'm incredibly sad about it and I'm still mourning, but this is for the best. Maybe I could take comfort in the fact that they probably still follow one another on Instagram. Maybe someday they'll be in touch, even if I'm not included, and maybe that's enough. It's time to let go and move on.