status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[alienation]] [[friendship]]

I couldn't sleep past midnight as there are a lot of things going on in my mind. Most of it is because I kept thinking of posting weird and obscure media on my Instagram, and possibly memes, too. I even started making a playlist for those videos on Youtube. I couldn't do it while listening to music because it kept lagging and force-closing. Then, I watched *Mary Harron*'s film ***American Psycho*** (2000), it was good, I guess. I fell asleep just after finishing the film. I woke up past 3 PM. I did my dailies and practiced kanji. I figured I might as well post one Japanese sentence and one kanji character a day on my mirror just so I can remember them and at least have a sense of immersion while memorizing the grammar. I did calisthenics after skipping for a few days, I also did a little bit of cardio—that's one thing I can be proud of today: show up. I took a shower, and for the first time in a long time, I masturbated. It felt good. I was in the middle of studying the tarot card *The Hanged Man*, and having finished my dinner, but my mom ordered me and my sister to go buy bread and mayonnaise as she's gonna make tuna sandwiches. I was reluctant because I didn't want to go out but I ended up going anyways. When I got home, I continued my tarot studies. I was a bit behind schedule for one hour. Afterwards, I practiced playing (and singing) *Aimer*'s ***Kataomoi*** on guitar—I'm getting better at it, it's only a matter of time until I can record. But I wonder where I'll record. Then, I listened to a podcast: *Natural Born Alchemist*'s episode 34 podcast where they are in the Alchemy Congress 2015. I don't know what that is or what it's actually about but it seems like some people interested in alchemy, I guess, get together annually and they do LSD—the call it the "magic truffle." I also drew a head on my thick journal (that's supposed to be my journal for the year 2023 but I ended up journaling digitally so I don't have any use for it but to make it like a sketchbook instead). I wasted my time on social media around 10 PM. I started reading *Haruki Murakami*'s ***Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World*** but my sister was watching *Mark Waters*'s ***Mean Girls*** (2004) so I got distracted and finished the movie with her. My day's ending and I won't sleep because I'm waiting for my brother to go to sleep so I can use the laptop, probably gonna take a few hours. I still haven't written my letter for Lou, and she still hasn't responded to my messages. Tomorrow is her birthday—23 minutes from now. 

There was this one moment earlier during the day when I was laying on my bed, earphones on but no music, adding videos to my to-watch part 3 playlist on Youtube. My sister is in a Twitter (X) space with her crush and they were talking and joking around. It's probably self-absorbed to say this but I just had this rush of existential feeling like I can't relate to them. Like I'm completely disconnected to their world and I don't seem to understand, nor can they possibly understand, well, me. Did I sound like that when I was talking to my internet friends on call back then? It led me to think about my friendships and how I can't possibly relate to any of them, nor them with me. Even to my closest friend IC, I feel like I'm in a different world as her, but I'm still staying friends with her. The closest possible legitimate connection I can have with a person is with Lou, but Lou is nowhere to be found right now. It also led me to to think about my future relationships. All the girls I liked I only liked because they were pretty (except for CJ who I just 'thought' was pretty—and turned out to be true). I connected this thought to my current attraction (not romantic nor physical) to my mutuals on Instagram and how I am attracted to their energy and individuality—they're all so unique, interesting, esoteric even—and I can't help but think that the girl of my dreams will be someone like them who's as eccentric and passionate and spiritual and in love with life as I am. My future friendships (those that will last) are those with people who share the same energy as I do. I feel like I'm in an entirely different world from those around me but weirdly, I don't feel lonely.