status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[self-improvement]] [[optimism]] 

I did everything on my to-do list, and still have a lot of free time—so fucking proud of myself. Here's what I did: Listened to music, drew, watched 2 films, read a book (in-depth), finished 2 math 7th grade units, listened to 2 podcasts (in-depth), did calisthenics, played the guitar and practiced the song I'm going to cover. I've been drinking a lot of water. Anyways, I still kept checking my Instagram notifications and my dump account story viewers (if CJ was there)—not my proudest moment. But that's okay, I'm only starting to remove that particular bad habit. It will take a lot of work. I'd have to find something a lot more rewarding than that limerent dopamine hit. 

Lately, I feel very distant from my limerent feelings and past experiences with CJ, like I'm not the one experiencing it. I'm gonna look at the positive note and say that that's me starting to detach myself from limerence itself. It's a start. I'm not looking forward to her viewing my stories as much as before. Maybe it's because I have something else I can actually look forward to. 

I took a daring leap and started consuming media mindfully. By that, I mean taking my time, writing down notes, summarizing, actually thinking about it and not rushing—I'm really really enjoying it so far. I'm also planning on re-consuming some good ones in the future for good measure. Living in the moment is helping me with this one.
  
I'm also starting to not care about what other people would think with whatever I post, may it be in my dump account or my archive account or my art account. I don't care anymore, I'm just sharing my progress—regardless if they're there or not. I'm just focusing on being myself, being myself unapologetically, embracing the cringe or whatever the fuck kind of concept it even is, stopping my people-pleasing tendencies, learning how to be nonchalant, very chill and anxiety-free, and most of all, staying true to my principles and values. Everyday, I'm learning something about the world, and in turn, I learn something about myself. Therefore, becoming the better version of myself. I find myself studying more, working harder every single day—I just know I'm already on the right path to success, no matter the mainstream path is supposed to be. Right now, I'm in my own little world. This is my world and everyone's just visiting it. 

So, yeah, I've decided to turn off my notifications completely. I'm planning on only checking my social media acount and messages during 12 noon and 12 midnight. Those will also be the time I'll be posting in my stories or whatever it is I have to post. I'm also gonna try very VERY hard not to check my story viewers in my dump account.... starting tomorrow. 

You know, I think I'm starting to unveil a universal secret that's always been there. I think I found the answer to everything: living in the moment. I don't know how to tell you why it is, but the more I become aware of the present, connecting to Being, it's like I'm unlocking an entirely new world. I'm still in the process of figuring out how it works exactly but I just know it only appears in glimpses (for now). When it happens, I just feel like I'm using 200% of my brain power (or I could just be manic) but yeah, you get the point. 

Also, I can't help but feel like something inside me died, and that I was renewed. Like the old me died, and there's this new version of myself born. It's giving me immense optimism for the future. Well, no, just.. to live. A lust for life. For living, in the moment. I'm excited every single day, like I've fallen in love with life itself. It's the best feeling ever.