status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]] [[future]] 

I finished ***An Elephant Sitting Still*** earlier today while drawing cutting guide lines on paper for my animation project. I used the laptop around past 3 in the morning. I researched about skin care routines. I chose products that I'll buy in the future in exchange to the Kojic acid soap I've been using. Then, I added animes to my watch list from Reddit threads. Just when I was starting to write down tarot card meanings (after some contemplation), my brother asked if I could use the laptop tomorrow because he needed it today. I said okay. So I ended up having a change of plans, which is (naturally) to study Japanese. I fell asleep though while doing my daily Anki flashcard review. I woke up at 2 PM, then continued studying. I finished writing down all the kanji characters for lesson 2 in Tobira. I ate sandwiches in between. Afterwards, I just watched Youtube videos in my Japan playlist on Youtube. Up until my parents came back home from church and told us to just buy our food. Mom gave us 1000 pesos and said to buy Minute Burger and if there aren't any, then it's up to us. My brother had to go with me because my sister's doing schoolwork. We went to Minute Burger, the staff said there aren't any bread yet. We went to 7/11 for cooked meals, there aren't any, too. So we ended up at McDonald's. The total price exceeded that of the total expected price of the Minute Burger order for about 200 pesos. I felt a little guilty about it. I should've bought solo cheeseburgers instead of full double cheeseburger meals. I'm still feeling guilty right now. Especially since I upgraded my drink to a McCoffee. I'm too greedy. It made me think about my current mood. I kept imagining of a life past this. A life where I can buy whatever I want and do whatever I want on my own. That's what's keeping me going. Anyone who has a "why" can deal with almost any "how" as Nietszche said (not word for word but the gist). I really want to live a pretty luxurious carefree life. I'm living for those moments where I can be financially content. I mean, I could say I'm already content right now but things could be better. I know I shouldn't ask for more or desire for more because that's kind of against Buddhism teachings (I'm not a Buddhist though but I do agree with some of their philosophy). I do know desiring for more would give me misery because I'd be disappointed if I don't have it. Well, I guess I'm already doing that, aren't I? I dream of going to Japan, living in Japan, because that's what I want. That's what I ultimately desire. The one thing I'm pushing myself hard for. And what if Japan suddenly stopped existing (which I've recently been imagining), would my life lose its purpose? It shouldn't be, right? Even if that's my main drive to live everyday, to look forward to all my tomorrows, would it ruin my life if my dreams are crushed? I guess that's something that I have to experience for me to learn what it feels like. Anyways, I daydreamed about meeting my former internet friends again. Like what their reaction would be if they see my face. '*Would they think about how good-looking I am?*' is what I would ask myself. Fuck, am I too vain? I need to be put to my place. I don't need a girl who's shy and soft-spoken. I need a girl who's independent, confident and knows what she wants. Because if I had a girl who isn't assertive, then our relationship would just crumble. I mean, I'm not saying I need an outspoken girl to fix me or some shit. I mean, someone who can tell me off if I'm about to fuck up again. Someone who can break me if I'm being an asshole because of my low self-esteem. So yeah, I was daydreaming of CJ because I think CJ is the kind of woman I'm looking for. Or maybe I'm just idealizing her too much and she's actually not the one I'm looking for.  Yeah, I'll go with that. There will be someone for me, someone who isn't her, someone who will be better. Anyway, I shouldn't even be thinking about these because I have plenty of shit on my plate (***Saló*** reference). I seriously need to sort my shit out before even thinking of being in a relationship. They might say you'll never be ready, but I want to be ready. Not to the point that it'd dictate my life, but just to have some precautions, you know. Anyway, earlier, my younger brother asked me if I plan on working, like in a McDonald's service crew, for example. I told him my plans. I told him I'm studying for a really important test so I can get a certificate and use that certificate to get a Japanese translator job in the future. I mean, that's really what I want to do right now but is it valid? Am I just wasting my time by pursuing this? But this is what I want to do, am I allowed to? I guess I'm just worried about what other people would think, especially my family. They'd ask "why didn't you get a job while you're not yet in college?" and I'd tell them my plans, and they might look down on me or something. But I mean, I am not enough yet, aren't I? I don't have anything to prove yet—not like I should prove anything to anyone, because I'm just setting myself up for a life of suffering. So yeah I should probably stop worrying and just do my thing, whatever that may be, long as I'm not hurting anyone. I'm not hurting anyone, am I? My mind drifts to Lou. I wonder how she is. We're both dealing with some issues, she and her, probably the same ones, too. I saw her mentioned experiencing mania a couple of times—is she bipolar, too? Or can people experience mania without being diagnosed as bipolar? I'm not sure. I'm not sure if I'd ever come back.  I haven't figured out what was it that upset her so much. I can't come back without knowing why I fucked up because I wouldn't know what I would be saying sorry for, I might do it again without knowing. My life's kind of fucked, it's just not that obvious. I'm all rotten on the inside. A fucked up thought has been recurring in my mind. I kept thinking about our dog dying, either from a disease or me actively killing it (like poisoning), so that I would find peace in the house—which is so fucked up. I just want to live a life without a dog, without anyone else, alone. Or maybe that's just an impulse, to self-sabotage: self-isolation. Maybe secretly I long for connection. But I just keep on closing up when someone gets too close. There's something seriously wrong with me, it's just not apparent. I don't even see it now as we speak. I don't know yet. I should look more into it.