status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]] [[consumption]] 

I started my day by not sleeping. I intentionally stayed up just so I can wait for my brother to fall asleep so I can use the laptop. Thankfully, around 2 AM, I got to use it. I listened to my playlists and added videos to my weird/obscure media Youtube playlists called "to-watch part 3." I finished surprisingly early so I turned to adding albums to my RYM list "shit to listen to (the neverending challenge edition" (that's always a handful to type). In between those, I wrote the letter for Lou on Google Docs and I'll admit I got a bit choked up and teary-eyed while writing. I sent it to her directly afterwards and hope she got it. If there's one thing I'm thankful for today it's that I got to spend time quietly like this, alone at night, just with my music and little shenanigans that seemed to be so important to me that I had to use the laptop not on a Thursday. My lower back was killing me so I returned the laptop around past 8 in the morning. Coincidentally, my brother just woke up. I ate tuna sandwiches for breakfast. Sometime after, I watched a video of Anthony Fantano detailing how he listens to albums. He has 3 stages: Discovery, Surface Level, and In-depth Listening and Writing. Discovery is kind of the messy part because this is where he chooses the albums which he actually wants to pay attention to and spend time on, if it clicks or not, if it's worth it or not. Surface Level is where he listens to the album casually a couple of times, usually while doing something else. This is where he tries to vibe with the album and make little mental notes about the things he like or dislike in the album. It's still not very in-depth. Basically it's just making friends with the album and knowing it better. Then there's the In-depth Listening and Writing. This is where the bulk of the work goes, and this is where he actually reviews the album. He listens to the album intently from start to finish, and jots down notes—about what the album's theme is, its structure, the lyrics, the progression, and all that. It's kind of the same as reading a book. I think I'll try to implement some parts of his method to my own music-listening experience. Anyways, I didn't want to study so I just studied the tarot card (albeit reluctantly) *Death*. I was expecting it to have a dense meaning/symbolism but it was actually very straightforward: it's about change, transition, or transformation. Closing a door and opening up a new one. Letting go of the past, a new era. My back was still aching so I lied down and listened to a podcast. It's *I Learned Nothing*'s first episode where they talk about *Schrödinger's Cat*. It was a pretty lighthearted conversation between two guys and pseudo-lecturing a man-child (no offense). They talk about quantum physics and how it connects to philosophy, and eventually *Schrödinger's Cat*. In the middle of the podcast, I thought about how it's a dilemma that I'm both interested in science and the occult because they're both such contradictory worlds that it's taking a toll on my beliefs and identity. Do I want to be a logical, rational scientist who sticks to facts or should I be an esoteric mystifying person who's in touch with the Divine? I don't know but I posted that on my Instagram stort while also showing the DropBox I have filled with obscure occult literature PDFs. No one cares anyway, and I don't care. Anyhow, I stopped listening to the podcast episode a little bit halfway because my sister asked me to go with her to buy food (she'll treat me one drink and one snack) at Mercury Drug Store. So, we went. I bought coffee and cookies. It was hot outside, I almost felt sick. We got home and watch ***Akira***. We stopped halfway because she had to attend to group work concerns with her classmates and while waiting, I fell asleep. When I woke up, I watched ***Air Gear***. After around episode 7, I found myself looking to distractions and not focusing on the anime because I didn't like the characters at all and I hate the *ecchi* fan service to it every episode, so I did the deed and just dropped it altogether. This led me to talk to Kanola about dropping media (books, albums, films, series, etc.) and how if I continue doing so, while also refusing to rate them at first listen, my media-rating accounts will end up just having overwhelmingly high ratings. I should not care about it though. I used to be a no-dropper kind of person. I vowed to finish every single thing once I started them. But realizing how vast the internet is, and how much art there is in the world, I figured I need to find a way to be able to get to art that will speak to me, rather than be clouded with art that doesn't resonate with me at any way, at the moment. It's also unfair for the art if I forced myself to trudge through it, not in the right mood, from start to finish. I feel like I'm not being very fair to it because there could be a time in the future when I'll be more susceptible to actually paying attention than the boredom I have now with it. And so, I'm changing my ways. For literature, I'll follow through with the *Mortimer J. Adler* and *Charles van Doren*'s process of reading a book. At first, I'll do inspectional reading. And if it doesn't resonate with me or interest me, I'll drop it. Otherwise, I'll move onto the analytical reading. As for rating books, I won't rate books after inspectional reading. Only when I actually understand the book will I give ratings. For films, I'll watch films from start to finish. But if I find myself getting bored the first, maybe, 30 minutes, I'll drop it. As for rating films, I won't rate the films unless I'm perfectly dignified with my opinion on it, as to what I think it deserves. For series, I'll drop the series if after 3 episodes I'm not interested in any aspect of it or if I find myself just forcing to watch it. Simple as that. For albums, this is where it gets a bit tricky. But I came up with a plan. I'll listen to multiple albums whenever I want to and only then will I decide which of those albums are worth giving a second listen, and those that deserve further diving deeper into, as well as for reviewing. It doesn't have to be always in chronological order when listening, it can be on shuffle sometimes—just making friends with it. Also, I'll still keep track of the albums on my records as I listen to them but I don't think I'll add entries for re-listens anymore on my RYM yearly log lists in the future. As for rating them, I won't rate albums after the first listen. And I also won't rate tracks at first listen, not unless there are certain tracks which I have strong initial feelings about, then I'll rate those individually. Oh by the way, I changed my rating system on RYM from foods to random stuff that relates to me in some way, I don't know, it's kinda random, to be honest. I finished my day by reading a *Haruki Murakami* book while listening to 2 albums: *jizue*'s ***journal*** and *Inugami Circus Dan*'s ***ビバ！アメリカ***. Tomorrow's gonna be great, I'm sure of it. 

I forgot to mention I felt sick the entire day: feverish and aching throat, so I drank many vitamins and some Paracetamols.