status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]]

I, of course, savored my reading and music time. Then I read some chapters of ***BECK*** before going to sleep in the morning, I plan to finish the manga later. When I woke up, it's nearing the evening. So, I watched 2 films. I wasted my time with the first one. I still feel empty and lonely, but that's okay because today I feel a bit more clear-minded and driven to do things like there's a spark of passion inside me (well, technically it never left, just obscured). I still have the urge to run away, I don't think it will subside any sooner. I fucking hate my face right now because of all the acne breakouts. I'm trying so hard not to touch or pop them but they just keep coming, it's so annoying. 

I dreamt about our house back in *Mabanta*. Everyone is welcome in our house, they didn't have to knock—they can just come inside anytime. I went downstairs to pee. When I was gonna take a piss on the dog litter in the living room, I saw Jaime and Eco hiding, I wasn't surprised. I told them I can see them and they should go to the kitchen and wait for me to finish my pee. So, they went but no pee came out, I couldn't if I tried. So I gave up, got up, went upstairs to my mom and asked if here was food. She kinda said there's food everywhere, and there were. I grabbed chips, muffins, pizza, and everything I can think of, they're just lying around the house. I went downstairs and saw that there are a bunch of people in the living room, I think they're watching a movie. I didn't pay them any mind and just grab some candies. That's all I can remember. 

I wonder what my proudest accomplishment is. I don't even remember the last time I felt proud about something I did. Is it because I never feel proud? Is it because something inside me thinks that feeling proud equates to inflating ego? I should be more proud of what I accomplish, not only the big ones, but also the day-to-day accomplishments—sticking to a routine, remembering to drink more water, doing what I love and never stopping—all those stuff. But I guess, the most recent thing that I can say I can be proud of is my Instagram (art) account. Art is in parentheses because I don't want it to be just that and have the notion of running an art account—which implies: doing commissions, sharing art tips, gaining followers, using hashtags to gain attention—I hate those things. I just post whatever the fuck I want, as long as it's me who created it. Anyways, I posted a lot of past creations on that account, like a LOT, and one after another, not even a minute in between. That doesn't guarantee it to have everyone of my followers see but I really don't give a shit, I just want the artworks to be there where I can see my collection, and maybe be proud, and inspired.