status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

A lot happened today. Well, that's because I didn't sleep at all. 

By 1 in the morning, I got really hungry I had the tremors. So I woke up my mom to ask for money so that I can go and buy food. She made me withdraw cash from my father's GCash account on the ATM, and to have my younger sister come with me. So we did. As soon as we got out of our apartment, I immediately pulled out a cigarette, and turned on my "smoking song" which is *Deftones*'s ***Sextape***, on repeat. While walking our usual route, we noticed a bunch of dogs waiting. When we kept on walking to their direction, they growled and barked at us, so I said "nope, not having that today," so I quickly turned my back towards the dog, beckoned my sister to do the same and told her we should just go a different route, which was the excessively longer route—it was clear neither of us thought this through but we just kinda went with it. At first, there was another dog who greeted us in that direction, too, barking at my sister. We walked quickly, towards the really dark path. My sister thought she was gonna get bitten. I told my sister to turn on her flashlight because we can't see anything. I thought our path was blocked too by construction, but it turns out to be otherwise. We walked the long path towards Buting. Along the way, there were still a lot of people outside their houses, talking, smoking, drinking. The roads were well-lit, too, so we didn't have to worry, at all about suspicious individuals. I took the opportunity to smoke a second cigarette. I asked my sister about her opinion of smokers. She said she's neutral. As long as we're not hurting anybody deliberately then she's fine with it. We talked and laughed more along the way to Mercury Drug Store, about how nice it was to go outside at this time of night (and have a smoke, as for me). I only have 10 or 11 cigarettes left in my pack. Anyways, we got to the store. I withdrew cash from my father's GCash account, I received a 1000-bill. We bought breakfast: pancit canton and bread. My sister bought bread, noodles, and cold sweet tea. I bought 2 packs of Mi Goreng and menthol candies. We went our way back home. This time was the only time I thought of a secret route towards our apartment, but I wasn't exactly sure if it's past those dogs or not. We tiptoed our way through that alleyway, keeping quiet, not making any sounds. We glanced cautiously from left to right, trying to see if there were dogs anywhere—there were none. I told her to walk quickly. Then we're back home. I cooked Mi Goreng, which was spicier than I thought, but that's okay because I was hungry. I didn't read much last night, but I did finish ***BECK*** by *Harold Sakuishi*, which was a nice accomplishment. 

I couldn't sleep because I had this art idea in my head: raven's self-isolation survival kit. I kept brainstorming ideas, they just kept coming, so I said "I gotta do this right now, or else the drive will drift away." So I stood up, made coffee, and started drawing. It was very sloppy, haphazard, impulsive—exactly what I'm feeling. I clearly don't give a shit anymore about what I post on *ravenowsky*. I simply don't care if they like whatever I put out or not. So I finished the drawings, posted them, and left it at that. I think I lost a follower or two, but who cares? 

I couldn't start on studying Japanese, I couldn't bring myself to concentrate. I stalled and procrastinated by talking to my sister. We played a couple rounds of rock-paper-scissors—which she weirdly won almost all the time. Her winning means I study, me winning means I'll watch whatever. She won, countless times, so I just faced the music, sat down, and studied Japanese. As soon as I realized it, I was already too focused on what I was currently doing. I found myself feeling extra excited because I had an idea to rewrite Japanese sentences on a new notebook. I want to be fixated on Japanese again. Which made me think about how watching 2 films a day on Kanola's MUBI account is taking so much of my time already and I'm getting tired of it. I watched (or at least put up as background noise) *Harmony Korine*'s ***Trash Humpers*** while writing down Japanese sentences. It didn't feel as special as the first time I watched it, probably because I was distracted. I was supposedly watching a different film, but I feel like that film is too good to be paid half of my attention, so I left that for some time later. 

I don't know if it's the nicotine withdrawal which was making me feel restless, having strange throat sensations, couldn't concentrate, having this tension headache and heavy-headedness—or it's because I haven't slept yet. But I felt that I desperately needed to smoke, so I guess I was really having withdrawals. I just wanted to smoke. I know if I smoked now, I'd have one less of a cigarette which I'm saving for until December. So I didn't. I remained frustrated, agitated, bordering a mixed episode. I guess bipolar people are more prone to nicotine addiction than I let on, because this shit's effect is really kicking. 

Yesterday was CJ's birthday, and also Princess Bubblegum's birthday, so I wrote on my Instagram note "happy birthday princess bubblegum." There was one moment from this day that I remember. It was when I stood in front of our window, looked outside, and imagined meeting up with my former internet friends, just like how we planned it to be. They'd find me smokin a cigarette—like some kind of movie scene—and then CJ falls in love with me all over again. I was obviously daydreaming, my body's automatic reaction of wanting to feel something other than the numbness. Clearly, in my right mind, I don't want to reconcile with them, not "anymore" but "not now," I guess. I really don't want to meet them right now, I don't want them to see how much of a mess I am. Which, probably would stay like this for quite some time because I still haven't figured my shit out. 

During the day, I had this really bizarre thought of coming back to my deactivated private account *ravenotnowsky*, wreaking havoc, doing some crazy shit that will make my "friends" there end up hating me and then eventually unfollow me. I have this really strong urge to ruin my life so bad. I think I was starting to see the signs of a mixed episode. Self-destructive behavior is a core symptom of it. 

Instead of reading a book and listening to an album, because I couldn't concentrate and I had this headache, I decided to just talk to my sister while listening to my suicide playlist filled with upbeat songs. We talked about morbid curiosity and how I was the one who showed her traumatizing things when we were kids. We also talked about how we kind of both lost a friend because of something we did. Then I told her about how yesterday was CJ's birthday, and also PB's birthday. She was shocked because she realized "just how perfect" me and CJ seem to fit together. And I agreed, that's what I thought back then, too. But now, it's just, a faint hum inside my heart, a slight nod, a soft smile—I know. And that's okay. I told my sister, who knows? Maybe we'll be like PB and Marcy where they get back together after a thousand years because they're always meant to be. It's a nice thought to think, but admittedly not very healthy. So I'm brushing off that possibility. 

We received the news that my older cousin is going to live in the U.S. with his family sometime soon. That makes me feel quite envious because I could never have that kind of opportunity—at least not anytime soon. I'm just thinking about what could've been my life if I did live overseas instead of the Philippines. I try not to dwell on that thought. 

"If you could be anybody, who would you be?" is the journal prompt for today. I thought of it, then saw that some "cool kid" I follow on Instagram is having a NGL anonymous message link. I clicked that, typed out a message that said something like: "if i were to exchange lives with anyone rn, u'd be one of the candidates" in which he posted and said "wg n pls." I didn't really understand what it meant, until now, so I scratched that possibility of my head. I guess what I want to experience is like, for one day, I want to be anyone who is part of their clique. I want to feel like I belong somewhere, and that I have really cool friends like them. But alas, I am me, almost inhumane, devoid of any meaningful friendships. I am feeling pretty lonely. But it's weird that somehow I do like that feeling, of being completely alone. It's really freeing, in a way. I don't mind living like this forever, but I still think having connections is nice, too. 

So what I'm planning for tomorrow is this: I'm gonna sleep today, not do the usual stuff like reading books and listening to music—I don't have the capacity to comprehend anything else, so I'll do my body a favor and just rest, for Christ's sake. Then, I think, for the rest of the week, it's a free reign. I won't adhere to a really strict schedule. I'm not gonna beat myself up over skipped tasks, or if I overslept. I'm gonna allow myself time to rejuvenate. Time to pick up the pieces, figure my shit out a bit, until the end of the week. I'm going to relax, do what I want to do. And the next week arrives, I will be back on track, stronger than before. That's how I'll be kind to myself right now, because lord knows how much I need it, and no one around can give me that opportunity but myself.