status" #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I was supposed to stay up all night but I fell asleep while listening to my last scheduled hour of music. I woke up just a few hours after but I didn’t get to listen to a podcast episode because of my nap. Anyways, today is Thursday so I get to use the laptop. I finished the CSS project landing page on The Odin Project. To be honest, I think I took the easy way out of the problems—I didn’t use the flexbox features enough, when I should’ve. I’d probably go back to that project in the future. I also did 2 units of 7th grade math. I was kinda having a bit of a trouble in between those but I managed. I felt dumb though. I posted a lot on my social media accounts. In my dump account, I posted my summarizations of the media I consume. I find it hard to give a lot of fucks if ever they (my followers) find my stories annoying. I literally don’t care at this point, I’ll keep doing it. My back hurts, I’ve been adding genre tags to all the albums in my “shit to listen to” list series (and removing albums that I don’t think I’ll ever listen to). It’s so annoying that my back hurts, I can’t continue working on it. I was thinking of posting weekly albums in my archive account story. I’m still thinking of how I’ll do it, maybe compile snippets of each song in an album in a span of 1 minute? Yeah, I’ll probably do that. Or just my favorite tracks in that album. Of course, the albums I post would have to be listened to many times for me to have a good grasp of it (and to actually like it).