status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

The day started out normally. My sister and I got woken up by our dog, I did my chores, I listened to some albums. Sometime in the evening, my sister and I did a fun little thing where we chose specific songs for specific prompts that I made. For example, the prompt is "the perfect song for falling in love" and I chose ***Turning Page*** by *Sleeping At Last*. We did that for hours; it was a really fun bonding time. Before the day ended, I was talking to a stranger on Instagram, about my former internet friends, about how I'm still feeling guilty even after more than a year, about how I've never felt peace with it, no matter how much I run away and isolate. I'm just further nailing my coffin. That stranger genuinely listened to me and thoughtfully gave their two cents. I think they just changed the trajectory of my life. Before the clock struck midnight and my personal private Instagram account got completely deleted, I reopened my account. The stranger gave me the push to do what I believe is the right thing to do; to be truthful, own up to my mistakes, stop running away and being a coward, and give my former internet friends the choice to forgive me or to feel pain because of what I did. I reinstalled my Telegram. I messaged Lou and Louise, asking for another chance. I haven't gotten a reply yet from either of them but Lou said she'll message me in the morning.  Right now, I also messaged Renson. I haven't been entirely honest with him, too, so I will this time. I'll also ask him for some advice on this. These are probably the scariest decisions I've made yet for the past several years, but I believe this will finally bring me peace that I endlessly sought after, and maybe calm down my dreams for the better. As well as ease the unbearable loneliness I've been feeling. This is make or break. I have nothing more to lose. 

Update: A lot happened today. During the day, I talked to Renson. I told him the real reason the meetup didn't happen. I told him how I felt about him back then and how I saw him as a romantic "threat." He didn't really have anything to say much but that was okay, I just needed to let this out. He supported me and asked me to let him know what happens. I messaged CJ during the day. She told me she's available in the evening. I waited. My mom, sister, and I watched ***The Mist***. It's still good. My mom got angry at the ending. She went on saying that the main character didn't have the right to kill the 4 people in the car, only god has that right. While I found it a bit off that she mentions god, it's true that he should've just waited. Anyway, after the film, I waited until 9 PM, before CJ finally messaged me back. So we talked. I just copy pasted what I wrote earlier in my notes but that's okay. During the talk, we still maintained things to be humorous. She told me I didn't have anything to say sorry for and that it wasn't my fault. She also said it's kind of funny every time a guy gets involved because she reminded me we're both gay. I laughed, too. The situation is kind of ridiculous, to be honest. And so, we relived the GC. We ended up chatting through a voice call. Things were noticeably kind of awkward (of course that's the first thing I notice) and the second thing I noticed is that I didn't feel like myself while talking to them. Like a part of me is heavily subdued, so I ended up not talking much, and so they don't talk much either. But it was really nice to be able to talk to them again. It was nice finally getting things off my chest. I don't feel the same kind of feeling that I have to appear cool to impress CJ. I don't think I see her as a potential romantic interest anymore. That's literally the last thing I want right now. Even if I still do, I'm not gonna let it ruin our friendship, you can be sure of that. But she said she'll be nearby my place this week, so we might meetup, I'm not sure, but I'll try my best to make it work. I'll ask my parents for money. We also talked about how we'll meet up on May next year and go to Star City. As well as ate MJ coming home for Christmas next year, we'll meet up again. But yeah, I messaged Kanola after the call, because I genuinely missed her. I'm not as free talking to the GC as talking to Kanola. I like the way Kanola and I converse, like I don't have to pretend being someone I'm not. Maybe that's my fault. I try to be someone I'm not because I want to appear "normal" and "pleasant" to them. I really should stop people-pleasing. Anyways, I have a lot to do tomorrow, chores and stuff. I'm not gonna sleep. I want to listen to albums.