status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[prompts]] [[relationship]] [[alienation]] 

I didn't sleep today (as usual). Well, I did a bit but that was in the afternoon. I listened to my playlists a lot today. I watched a terrible film called ***American Psycho II***. I ended up adding a lot of people as friends on Goodreads as I dreadfully finished the film. I did art today! I drew (and painted in watercolor) a picture of an old man who's a cashier, in the process of scanning deformed heads as grocery items. It was a bit sloppy but I'm glad I did it. It didn't garner a lot of attention but I didn't care much. I also posted a quote (my own) I thought of which sounded cool, it also didn't get much attention, and again, I didn't care much. I used the laptop for pretty much the rest of the day because my brother is out with his girlfriend. Instead of studying, I arranged my RYM list and listened to my playlists, that's all I did. I didn't finish the list I'm currently getting albums from but I'm at page 81, I think. I'll finish it on my next laptop session. I stopped around 8:30 PM, even though my brother's not at home yet, because I told myself I'm not gonna sleep or end the day without doing calisthenics, or at least weightlifting. So I dedicated some 15 minutes with my dumbbell (which is proving to be getting lighter as time goes by) while listening to a 25-track Gregorian chant album produced by *Hildegard von Bingen*. I oughta buy a 3kg dumbbell soon. Afterwards, I read a few chapters of ***BECK***—I'm halfway through with it. They're becoming more popular in the manga. Then, I read ***Man's Search for Meaning*** while listening to *stream_error*'s ***Polaris*** (2021) and *Blind Willie Johnson*'s ***Dark Was The Night*** (1928). I'm starting to smell myself, so I told myself I'm not gonna go to bed without showering. So I took a quick shower. 

I found myself having conversations with myself throughout the day, in English. I don't think it's weird or unique, I actually think it's normal, and beneficial in the long run because it's a good and healthy way to process your thoughts and emotions. In this way, I'll also improve my speaking skills and articulation, as well as my pronunciation. In the future, I imagine making video diaries or video journal entries where I just talk in front of the camera about what happened in my day, and what I learned from everyday. Maybe when I have my own room or apartment, I don't know. I can't wait to be able to talk to myself in Japanese. I also realized I have a lot of growing up to do. There's so much I can do, so much I want to do, so much potential hiding inside me. I'm just really really glad I started (that's the important part) and I hope I keep doing it while never losing hope (that's the second most important part). 

The prompt for today is asking me who is the one relative that I miss the most. The more I think about it, the more I realize I don't love my relatives to be able to say I miss them. I don't have strong feelings about them, much less with anyone really. I know that sounds kinda selfish. I actually have been googling if I was self-centered or narcissistic but I don't seem to relate to the symptoms. But I just feel like I can't connect with people in the way that I want to, and that's the same thing with my relatives—that's why I don't miss them at all. All I can possibly do is just think about them, but that's it. I think about my older sister and how she'd buy me books for my birthdays while I never greeted her on hers. I think about my cousin who's at least 5 years younger than me who I suspect is gay. I think about my aunt and how successful she is despite of her poor upbringing, and how she's so kind and generous to everyone, and managed to stay humble. I think about them sometimes, I don't miss them though. I wish I did. There's this quote that's been ringing in my mind all day (I don't know where I got it from), it's: "*People aren't as dumb as you think they are. But they're also not as smart as you think they are.*" and it's proving to be true, I guess. Lately I've been having expectations on my mutuals on Instagram, those people who I thought are cool. I mean, they ARE cool, in a way that they're uniquely themselves, but when I look into it more, I realize I don't really know them at all and I probably wouldn't like them as a person. I mean they're not THE shit. But y'know, that's just me judging, comparing myself to them, and leveraging my ego. Also makes me think about Lou, too. She hasn't messaged me at all, I've lost count of the days we haven't talked. But anyways, I thought about her tweet wherein she listed her misfortunes, I guess you could say, and what she could do if only she don't have those. Like she could've learned how to play drums if only she didn't have CMMD (go look it up). And all I can think about was how much of a defeatist/victim attitude she has, and how it's kind of toxic in a way. I want to be able to tell her that but I'm afraid I'll just trigger her or make her hate herself even more. I also don't want to come across as preachy and shoving unsolicited advice but all I want is what's best for her and all I can offer is telling her what helped me. I am aware that we all have different thresholds of our sufferings and that we can't always control the things that happen to us, but we can control how we act and feel about it. I want to tell her that. But it seems like she's the same as my sister, who's clouded with depression. It's obscuring her off her sense of reason. I don't know, it's just, she's in a bad place, and I don't know how to approach that without hurting her further.