status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[mindfulness]] 

I woke up really late even though I slept early last night. But that's not important, is it? Being away from social media is making me realize some things. One, is that I shouldn't care whether my online presence exists or not. Social media is merely a platform to extend my soul and to keep records—no matter if there's an audience or not. It's a personal thing, and it stays that way. Two, is that my attachment to it, that is my ego attaching to my accounts, is kind of destroying me, in a way. I'm making it my identity, which it shouldn't be. Like I said, I shouldn't care that much if it exists or not. It's exactly just like being attached to material possessions, it's no different. I know I have to let go, but I'll still continue to contribute to it, because that's what I would do. For an hour just now, I was reading *Eckhart Tolle*'s ***The Power of Now***—completely focused on every word. I chose not to engage in an in-depth reading of *Rudolf Arnheim*'s ***Art and Visual Perception***. I wanted to relax. Reading ***The Power of Now*** is making me feel liberated, just by the act itself. Sure, it's brimming with endless wisdom, but the core aspect of it is that I stay present with reading, and whatever else that comes after. Everytime I become conscious of my consciousness, it's like a whole new world opens up. I am met with something unexplainable. I become completely at peace with everything. I don't want, I don't need, I don't yearn, I don't grieve. And I know I'm probably saying this because I am in a much privileged place but even if I was in such a tough situation, being in the present will do wonders. I am imagining myself in a situation where we have no electricity, or that I was homeless, or I was stranded on an island, or just the worst possible situation there could ever be. I would be deprived of a phone, the internet, clothes, food, the most basic stuff—I would only have just my presence. I am imagining how I'll still accept those unfortunate circumstances and be okay with it. Surrendering to "bad luck" is the key to living. No matter what kind of shitty situation you have, just like how *Viktor Frankl* experienced the holocaust and found meaning, there will exist a point where you'll find yourself, and nothing else would matter. Food, water, security, and everything else a human being fundamentally needs to survive—those will just be superficial things. Of course, you will have to keep pursuing them for your physical body to stay alive. For without the physical body, at this moment, you wouldn't be able to connect with your inner body. Existing physically in this realm is your job. Spiritual enlightenment, existing universally, is the goal.