status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I washed the dishes twice today. I mopped the floor. My sister and I went out to buy dishwashing liquid, hand soap, and toothpicks. It was raining. My friends and I messaged the GC occasionally but it's obvious everyone has something to do. Louise and I talked about skin care, and I mentioned how I have the worst acne breakout right now. I lazed around, played with our dog. I talked about meeting with CJ to Kanola and Renson. They both implied things but I am a firm believer that a blooming relationship is the last thing I need and want right now. I can't afford to let my feelings ruin my friendships again. I won't ever let that happen again. So yeah. Though I'm already imagining what will happen when we do meet. I'm thinking of Capital Commons. For some reason I'm not that nervous. Meeting CJ, with my acne-ridden face, and 5'1 height, I don't care how she'll perceive me anymore, what she thinks doesn't matter. I'll be myself. Reminding myself that makes me feel more at ease. Back then I used to imagine my knees buckling and hands shaking, if ever I meet CJ. But now I don't think that'll happen. But anyways, Lou and I got back together. She talked to me about her friend groups, current love life, and how she kissed a girl she thinks she has feelings for—but she's still figuring that one out, being very careful not to hurt herself or the girl. I told her the more I hear their story, the more I support their relationship. Then I told Lou about me getting back together with my friends. Also, I'm thinking of getting a job somewhere. Because my friends are already planning so much outings and I can't always rely on my parents to fund my outings. So I gotta get a job. Either at a fast food chain restaurant or some local shop. I'll make sure to find one before December ends.