status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[friendship]] [[prompts]] 

I slept around past 3 in the morning. I woke up almost 4 in the afternoon. Of course, I'm not gonna workout after just waking up, but I did promise myself I'll still workout before the day ends. However, I missed a lot of the things I was supposed to do. Figures. I did my daily Japanese exercises—which took me around 30 minutes to finish because I threw up in between. I felt better afterwards though. With huge reluctance, I dived straight into math when the clock struck 6 PM. I finished one unit, it wasn't that difficult. I'm kinda getting the hang of these proving triangle congruence and similarity theorems. I finished unit 4 of high school geometry. Easy does it. I'm not gonna pressure myself too much to finish on schedule. Besides, I'm here to learn, not to win some race. The most important thing, and the most prioritized, is that I learned something. That's crucial. The next crucial thing is that I'm consistent. I finished math early, so I listened to 2 *Musikangbayan* albums (technically one is a compilation but yeah) while reading a few chapters of ***BECK***. Eddie fucking died, bro. This manga is honestly growing on me. And it's making me appreciate music, in particular the formation of bands and life of artists, so much more. Then I continued reading ***Man's Search for Meaning***. I accidentally wet a page. 

As you can see, nothing much happened today. I'm planning on not sleeping today, to make up for lost time, or to just listen to more music. At the start of the day though, a little past midnight, I thought about myself being pretentious. Am I pretentious? I googled it if I was and some of the things kind of aligned to my current tendencies. One of which is that a person is considered pretentious if they don't bother to know people on a deeper, more meaningful level. I am guilty of that. I always think people are either lower than me or higher than me. I've never considered anyone as my equal. That's probably a fatal flaw I should address soon. The other thing that makes me appear pretentious is having obscure interests. Sure I might feel special and unique for being different sometimes but that's only a by-product of my passions. More or less, it's true, in a way. People have pointed that out, after all. But still, I shouldn't be too snobbish about it. I have to keep a lookout for my pretentious tendencies. I do NOT want to be THAT person who thinks they're better than everyone else just because they are obscure and esoteric. 

If I could see them again, what would you say? Somehow, this question implies that a connection did not end with a period. Like there are some regrets regarding the relationship. When I think about it, I don't regret anything about my past. Sure, some decisions were dumb and the fact that I hate who I was back then. I just, don't feel that same kind of loathing and despise as before. I'm willing to accept that I was stupid, not the most desirable person to exist, not that special—I was really really normal, with just a bunch of quirks that make me, me, a human. I also don't regret cutting off my former friends. It's not because I hated myself back then and reuniting with them would make me remember those awful feelings. It's more of like it's better like this, that I'm away. I'm in a different world now, I think it's okay, this is for good. It's gonna sound pretentious to say that I probably don't have anything in common with them anymore but that piece of information might hold something truthful. It could be awkward when we meet again, but that's normal. The thing is, I don't care, and I'm unwilling to even entertain that idea. I probably don't even cross their minds, maybe just barely from time to time. People just... come and go. That's life. It also made me think about how easily I can cut people off. I just don't feel this strong feeling of attachment to anyone. If they leave, that's completely fine, I've been perfectly fine on my own like this, I don't really mind losing people at all. There are some people who really mean a lot to me, and I would feel a huge sense of loss if they do leave, but I know eventually I'll be okay with it, so there's little point to grieve. I've probably already grieved even before things happened. I don't know if I'm being cold-hearted or just *zen*, I still have to figure that out myself.