status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Today was a good day. I almost woke up late but thanks to our dog, I got up a little past 7 in the morning. I made myself coffee (3 sticks). I read a little, listened to an album twice, studied a bit of Algebra, Earth and Space Science, and HTML. Then, I continued my animation. I did my Japanese dailies, too (vocabulary, kanji, reading) but a little after 1 in the afternoon, when I finished practicing the new kanji characters for lesson 2, I didn't have anything else to do, and I felt like continuing my animation, so that's what I did. In the middle of it, my older brother arrived with his girlfriend—they brought sushi. And so we all ate sushi while standing and chatting. I sent a photo of the sushi to Kanola and IC. The sushi was gone quickly but I saved some for later (I was allowed to because it's my birthday celebration). I continued the animation. I finished scene 2 (haven't edited yet) and the draft for scene 3. Somewhere in the middle of it, I helped my mom make Chicken Cordon Bleu—surprisingly I had fun. We made those until well past 8 in the evening, then I continued reading *Junji Itou*'s ***Tomie***. And here I am. It's not my birthday yet but it felt like it was. Today was a good day. It was a good decision helping my mom cook dinner. It was a good decision to continue my animation. It was a good decision to delete my personal private Instagram account. I'm turning 22 in an hour and 35 minutes. I don't think I'll stay awake until midnight just to greet my day. I have to sleep early since I'll be doing laundry tomorrow. Happy Birthday to me.