status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[friendship]] 
So yeah, I can't sleep. My earphone pouch is missing. I put it beside my pillow, beside my head, but when I looked and tried to find it, it was gone. I'm betting our dog has something to do with it. Anyways, I couldn't sleep because I haven't come down from the highs of reconciling with my friends and the rush of my new everyday life. It will take some getting used to. It's probably a bad idea to have all at it at once because it could be a trigger for my hypomania—or I already am hypomanic. I'm kind of sick right now, too. When I woke up, my throat hurts. My nostrils get occasionally clogged, I sneeze and cough a few times. But yeah, I wanted to sleep but I just can't. I figured I just won't sleep. I have to wake up early tomorrow anyways. I think I'll just be listening to albums and reviewing them. It's so obvious I wanted to talk about something but talking about it would make it worse so I'm just not going to. I'll feel it, I'll acknowledge it, but I won't address it directly, it's just there, for now. 

I didn't sleep. I was hypomanic. I just watched a film and listened to playlists. Then, my sister and I did the laundry for our bed sheets. We talked about her and her friend coming to us with my friends to Star City in May. We ate for a bit at home, hung the bed sheets, then went out again to get our hair cut. My hairstyle's supposed to be just like Hyunjin but it was cut too short, but I don't mind. When we went home, I immediately fell asleep. I woke up later with a mild flu and with mom talking to us how she already had a heart attack and she took a lot of tests and now she has to take a lot of medication. We were really worried but also relieved that she's fine now. I hope it doesn't get worse. Anyways, I'd be lying if I said I'm not anticipating (or dreading) my meetup with CJ. I don't know if I can do this sober. I contemplated on intentionally triggering a manic episode so that I won't be that anxious or nervous when I go talk to her. However, now that I've slept, my view's kind of changed. Earlier I sent a photo of me making a funny face to the GC, just for fun, just so she knows what she can expect. The more I think of potentially developing romantic feelings for her again, the more I realize that so many things has to go right just for it to be successful. So you see, we can't. For one, she has a job and I'm unemployed and chronically online. We're two worlds apart, two completely different worlds—it's clearly impossible to happen. Second, she can't like me now, it's virtually impossible. I've changed, she's changed (probably)—it can't happen. We probably wouldn't like each other that much in the long run anyway, there's a possibility that we won't be compatible at all and then breaking up would just ruin the friendship again. And then there's the implication that she could see me as a potential romantic interest again, when people are literally flocking around her, and I'm in my flop era. Look, it's just not gonna happen, okay? No matter what Kanola and Renson implies, me going out with CJ this week (if it even happens) would be exactly just like me going out with Kanola—and I should firmly treat it as such. I don't have to pretend to be someone I'm not, just for her to see me as a potential romantic interest again. Stick it to your brain that it's virtually impossible to happen. So you best imagine her being in a relationship and that you're strictly friends. Limerence can fuck over, I'm not gonna let anything ruin this friendship, I'll make sure of that. Still, it's okay to look forward to it, right? Since this will be the first time I'm meeting her, platonically, as a friend. It's normal. I shouldn't stop the feeling of excitement because it's only natural. However, I'll be careful not to get too nervous and anxious during that—it's very important to remain myself, calm and collected. By the way, I'm going insane not doing or planning to do anything. I can't do anything if I don't have a set time for it. And even if I did set a time for a specific activity, I'd have to be consistent, otherwise I'd feel like it's pointless to continue. So I think I'll start to plan shit starting later, because I really can't go on like this, it's driving me crazy.