status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[self-harm]] 

I didn't get to write a journal entry last night because I was too sleepy after watching ***Fairy Tail*** with my sister. I didn't sleep for an entire day. All I did was study Japanese for more than 16 hours straight. I never got tired, never felt even a hint of it—except for my aching fingers. I had to take quick Youtube breaks somewhere around the 15-hour mark. I finally finished Genki I & II, reviewed grammar points, reread sentences, and posted on my Instagram (yes, I reactivated it. More on that later). The intermediate textbook I chose is *Tobira* because that seems to be the most popular one next to *Quartet*. I skimmed through it, took screenshots of important stuff from the guide. I created a study routine, a customized order of sections for tackling each chapter. I'm really really excited to start studying. They said it has a bit of a jump from Genki to Tobira but not that much. I'll start tomorrow. 

Before the day ended (18th), our dad told us we can buy Minute Burger if we wanted, he'll give us money. My sister and I said okay. So we set out to buy burgers at 10 in the evening. I took it as another opportunity to smoke—I only have 10 cigarettes left. I forgot to bring my Mentos candy. Oh well. I was listening to *Deftones*' ***Sextape*** on repeat again. I took a picture of my cigarette and posted it on my Instagram. Is smoking considered a self-harm? Because I realized all the reasons people have for smoking is either curiosity, a form of socializing, or addiction. I relate to none of that. I think I'm smoking not because of addiction, I can stop anytime I want, but it's a form of purposely inflicting damage to myself, in a really slow manner. It's like watching gore (***Saló***, in specific): it's detrimental to my health yet I've grown to like it, I keep doing it deliberately, because there's this subtle urge inside me to destroy my life. I'll probably regret this in the future, but right now, I'll keep doing it. Even though I can feel the grime blocking the back of my throat. 

So yeah, as I was saying, I reactivated my private Instagram account. I realized it's pointless to do either way; deactivate or activate, nobody gives a shit anyways so what am I being so dramatic over it? So I opened it again. And this time, I followed a bunch of people who I found interesting from my mutuals in my archive account. 11 of them followed back, including my current crush who's coincidentally named *Jia* too, *korosareta* and *godwin* haven't followed back yet and it's okay if they don't. Though really it's just a matter of time. I posted a bunch of shit on my stories, for a grand welcome. I told them I finished Genki. Then I posted photos (and a video) of myself trying weird filters. Some of them liked my stories. They're all gonna see my bullshit now. I don't know why I followed these people. It's such a spontaneous thing. Maybe I just want to feel something. I still don't view Lou's instagram stories even though I'm still part of her Close Friends list. 

I am making a new RateYourMusic list based on my "the ultimate playlist of my life" list. I add short anecdotes (phrases, words) that describe what makes each song significant to a specific point in my life. It's not really like in an explanatory manner. It's more poetic. Like making a collage in your mind. I also picked lyric quotes and embedded Youtube videos on each list entry. I'm currently at the 69th song out of 299 songs. I plan on spending at least 5 hours every Thursday to complete that list. I can only do it on the laptop, it's more convenient that way.