status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[prompts]] [[future]] [[friendship]] [[transcendent]] [[politics]] [[memory]]

I don’t fucking know why my mood is so sour. I have everything I want! Today is my favorite day of the week and I’m doing what I want (listening to music)!! What more do I want!!! I’ve been so irritated for no reason. Unbelievably sad and lonely for no fucking reason. I drank my meds, I only skipped one day (yesterday), why don’t you cut me some slack!? It’s so annoying. I want to enjoy my precious time so bad but I just can’t. I’m so frustrated, I don’t know what my problem is. How do I make myself happy? Is it because of the weather? The weather right now is my favorite kind of weather: very cloudy and very windy, no sun, no rain. See, everything’s in my favor but I’m just here being sour over nothing. This sucks. I’m annoyed.

***Tell me about an old friend you've lost touch with.***

— I have a lot of old friends I’ve lost touch with. All of them are from my past schools. Let me tell you about two of them. Jaime and Jellaicah. They kind of represent both sides of the same coin, the coin being me. During my junior high school life, I couldn’t divide my attention between the two of them, I always ended up having to choose. Jaime is my childhood friend. We met at Mabanta Compounds back in 2011, we were playmates and, you could say, best friends, along with Eco. We just get each other, y’know? We vibe. You could say we’re at the same level of intellectual capabilities or some shit. I feel comfortable around him, and him to me. I can talk about anything with him and I wouldn’t fear getting judged. He knows me, like I know him. He’s the only friend I’ve had for years. We’ve seen each other grow up. Then comes Jellaicah. I met Jellaicah during middle school, grade 7. We weren’t really that close, we just talked from time to time. Then came grade 9, we became attached to the hip. I don’t know why. There was a part of me that dreads being around her, but she pulls me to her, somehow, I was being pulled. I didn’t like some parts of her, and I don’t even know or remember what I liked about her but we were inseparable during junior high school. IC even got issues with her, as well as Jaime. I’ve been in friendship conflicts ever since I hung out with Jellaicah. But she’s always there, and I was always there. I don’t remember why it mattered. I spent most of my high school days with her. I celebrated various occasions with her. We wrote each other letters. We go to malls together. But a part of me kind of hates her. Hanging out with Jellaicah made me become distant from my other friends. There was an issue once that Jellaicah grabbed a 1-thousand-peso bill at Jaime’s house when we visited. I believed that to be true because Jellaicah insisted on treating us to ice cream after we went to Jaime’s house. Jaime’s parents and Jellaicah’s parents got involved, I got involved because I was friends with the both of them. But somehow, some-fucking-how, I still stayed with Jellaicah. Like, if I tried to go away for a little while, she’d shame me for it. She’d say *"Ganyan ka na, ha. Porket ganito ganyan. Akala ko ba magkaibigan tayo hanggang dulo."* And that’s on fucking manipulation. I had a fallout with Jaime because of this. We became distant. We had a fight. I was a real asshole for it. Looking back, I should’ve stepped up and had a talk with Jellaicah, and just let go of our so-called friendship. I should’ve spent my high school days with Jaime. I shouldn’t’ve promised anything to Jellaicah. Jaime was too kind to forgive me and still hang out with me. But anyways, I didn’t say goodbye to either of them anyway, when I went away. I just left. I ran away. Because that’s what I’m good at. I’m not sure if I’ll ever see them again, nor do I want to. I’ll just look back at this in a bittersweet way and pretend I’ve had a good high school life. Fuck that, no, I haven’t. I was a fake. I was such a people-pleaser. I bet anyone can see right through me. I spent my high school days pretending to be happy. I can’t even remember anything because I was faking so hard that I lost myself.

***What's your earliest holiday memory?***

— Hold on, I’m having a bit of a brain fog. I can only remember sometime around 2008 to 2010, I think? I don’t know the year but we were living in my late grandma’s house. I remember my aunt putting up Christmas decorations and those wind-up Santa display toys that play music. I remember the kids at the front gate asking for pamasko. My dad and uncle play and sing to Michael Jackson songs on our large speakers. We open a box of Christmas ham and make ham sandwiches with it. We open our Christmas gifts, too. I don’t remember much but those were my earliest holiday memories.

***What's your favorite charitable cause and why?***

— I haven’t really donated to any charities because I barely have any money, I came from a poor family. But if I were to donate, I think I’d go to orphanages or anything dealing with the maintenance of the environment; like planting more trees or clearing the oceans of plastic. I’d also donate to the homeless and donate to charities that find ways to solve the homeless problems. If I were to volunteer, I’d probably help those affected by typhoons.

***What do you think your life will be like ten years from now?***

— Oh god, I cannot think long-term. I can’t even envision who I’ll be a month from now, I might be dead! Let’s say, hypothetically, things go right, with all the knowledge and capabilities I have right now. By that time, I’ll be 31. I would be working at an animation company, or doing freelance. I would already have an apartment of my own, or I might be living with a housemate. I might have a partner or not, who knows. Ten years from now, I would be even more content than now. I might stray further from my baseline mood, I might become unstable, but hopefully, I haven’t killed myself that time. Or fuck up my life so hard that I’ll be left living in the streets. I would hope that I’d be working my ass off day in and day out, while still maintaining attention towards my hobbies. I would be living my youth that I kinda didn’t have the chance to experience. I would be going on road trips with friends. We would have sleepovers. We would watch films, and hanging out, and having fun at parties. We would always have an agenda past midnight, may it be going to 24/7 quiet diners, exploring abandoned places, staying at an empty school. At that point, I would also be fulfilling my bucket list. I’d learn the piano. I’d get tattoos, piercings, have my hair dyed. I would witness lunar eclipses and meteor showers. I’d go to concerts, live theater plays, have a vinyl and CD collection. I’d be so good at electric guitar that it’s crazy. I’d also be fluent in speaking in Japanese. I would occasionally visit Japan, maybe even live in Japan. In ten years, I’ll be happy and content.

***Wanting to be omniscient, omnipresent and omnipotent.***

— I’m talking about being able to know every single thing in the universe. Everything from the smallest atoms to the largest all-consuming black holes. I’d know what happens to the lives of every single person on Earth, as well as all life-forms there are to be found and what they’re feeling or thinking about. I’ll be everywhere. I am everyone. I am everything. I’m living every single life there is. I am that star, I am this planet, I am those trees and rocks. I can do anything there is possible. I can create new worlds, make intimate connections, revive Jesus Christ, become Jesus Christ, I can end worlds, I can become worlds, I can eat them, I can materialize anything into being. I am immortal. I don’t have an identity, a body, a form. I am not I. I just am. You know, I think I’ll only experience this, at least a sliver of it, by taking hallucinogens, or by dreaming. This has been a desire of mine ever since I was a kid. I wanted to know how it’s like being all the people around me, knowing and being everything. I still desire this very much until now. 

***Politics, compassion fatigue, being apolitical, selfish altruism, existential depression.***

— It’s been a year since I last took interest in politics and the world around me. It started during the campaign period of the 2021 elections. I told myself “I have to learn everything there is to know about the history of the Philippines and the political system.” Well, guess what, I did learn… NOTHING. I forgot everything I researched. I hyperfixated on it too much that I got burnt out and didn’t learn a single thing. Anyways, all my life I have been apolitical. I mean, I just didn’t care about politics because it is not affecting me directly. I was too comfortable. But then, everyone says politics is everywhere and in everything, you can’t avoid it, you are part of it no matter what you do. Well, so, I was forced to participate in it. I still act like I care because I am supposed to care, even though I don’t really. But when I do care, I am just filled with so much dread, sadness, and suffering for everyone else that is suffering. We can’t eradicate pain in the world. There will always be something wrong, and I feel helpless about that. They say knowing what’s happening around you and learning every single day is already a great step towards giving a shit. Well, I find it hard to give a shit. Look, I’m sorry people are suffering worldwide, I’ll help if I can, but if I can’t, I really can’t help but just provide sympathy then turn the other way. I can only have this much emotional capacity to care for everyone else, I have my fair share of problems. I am not that selfless. I observed that being too selfless is kind of like charity masturbation because you bask in the feeling of being able to help other people. I mean, that’s good and all, but when you do it because you want to prove you’re a good person? Nah, I don’t think that’s right. Anyways, the point is I have to care, even if it’s just a little bit. It’s the least I can do, right? We can’t afford to be apolitical in a time where the government literally sucks ass. Also, I need to learn to think for myself. I don’t know anything. But what I do know, is that I don’t know. So there’s room for improvement. I can’t just keep on echoing others’ opinions about everything. I need to have mine. I need to have a voice. I do have a voice, I just don’t use it as much. I also need to stop caring about politics as a form of clout-chasing. I’m seriously too old for that.

***Memories are completely subjective.***

— You know how memories aren’t as reliable as you think they are? They can change and deceive you. There are memories, at least what you think are your memories, but are actually just fragments of your dreams. Or anything your mind comes up with to fill in the holes. Most of them might not even be true and you just crafted them but hey, it makes up for a good story, right? So, I think that’s why people get really hung up on creating memories and documenting them. Because anytime, it’ll just slip out of your mind, or your memories. You just need proof that you were there, and you experienced it. It’s a proof of existence. I should probably do that. My memory isn’t reliable at all, especially because I remember my dreams a lot and I can get pretty imaginative with scenarios.