status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I fell asleep last night while watching ***Mob Psycho 100 III***, around 8 PM. This was what I had to say yesterday:

I feel dry. The air feels dry. I feel dehydrated. It kind of feels like I was back in our first apartment in Pateros. Mornings like this where nothing really happens and it kinda gets to you, that it makes you not want to do anything, too. I hate this feeling. Even though it feels weirdly good to reminisce past feelings, it sucks that I can't move. I did try my best to do shit though. I studied Japanese, that's good enough. 

This is the entry for today. I woke up early (because I slept early) around almost 7 AM, just before my alarm. I immediately got up, washed my face, ate *Mi Goreng*, took my meds, made coffee. Then I sat down and listened to music while planning for the next month, the day, and then read books. After that, I relearned anatomy (again) starting from pecs and breasts. Then I made an artwork, a really simple one made with pencil. I finished inking parts of my animation. I was really motivated that I got a very bright idea. I proposed to my mom that she should make easy Japanese meals. Or if she doesn't want to, she could just buy the ingredients and I'd be the one to cook. We told dad about it and they both it was a good idea. I immediately searched books about Japanese cuisine. I'm really excited about this one. I studied Japanese, then. I was in a roll that I finish earlier than intended. I even finished writing down vocabulary on my personal dictionary and practicing all the kanji characters for lesson 1. I consumed Japanese media: listened to songs, listened to a podcast episode, watched Japanese youtube videos, watched a Japanese film called ***Confessions*** (2010), watched a few ***Mob Psycho 100 III*** episodes. In between, I did calisthenics for arms and ate vegetables because everything was going really well today. To top it all off, my sister and I went out at 8 PM. I got the chance to smoke two cigarettes. Smoke got in my eyes but it was fine. I felt really attractive too even though I have acne. When we got home, my dad and Cheesecake were coming down the stairs. I was very careful not to stand too close to my dad because I know I smell of smoke. I had trouble bringing Cheesecake back home but eventually I carried her upstairs. As me and Cheesecake entered the house, my mom said, "Ikaw bata ka nagsusuwail ka na ha, halika dito." And I panicked. I thought she was referring to me. I got rid of the evidence (hid my cigarettes and took off my flannel). Then I realized she was talking to our dog. Safe, for now. I didn't get the chance to take a photo of my cigarette though so there's that.

My dad was upset at me and my mom because we didn't vote in the barangay elections. But I didn't know anyone. I didn't even know there was an election. So the question is raised: is it better to not vote because you don't know anything about the politicians or to risk voting randomly just to say I vote even though I might be voting for the wrong person? I think I prefer just not voting. I'm already being irresponsible so I wouldn't be irresponsible twice by doing the latter. It made me think about my current political stance, how I view the world, or at least my country right now. I don't think I care much at all at the moment. That's extremely insensitive but I've got my priorities and my own problems to deal with. It might be selfish but I'd rather focus on what I can control for now. I can't just dive into being an activist, becoming vegan or something, without actually knowing and understanding the whole thing first for me to make up my mind. And I do not have the time to understand. I'm too preoccupied. That might seem really uncool for other people, especially my ex when I think about it (I couldn't help but think about it), but I really can't give two shits at the moment. I'm sorry people are suffering but that's not entirely my fault. There are people actively harming them and I may not have the power to directly fight against it. So I'll do my thing first, become better, and then act on it. Okay? Okay. 

Also I wanna mention how I feel kind of lightheaded. I feel like I’ll have a panic attack or faint. I think it's because I smoked two sticks, and it might be interacting with my meds. I can't risk feeling unwell now because if I do have to go in front of a health professional they’d have to ask if I smoked and I can't say that in front of my parents.