status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]]

I have a weird sense of mental and intellectual clarity throughout the day. It's like I can find loop holes in every single thing and provide explanations, and even counter arguments, all in my head. I didn't go through my to-do list. I did nothing except did a self-evaluation, skim reading, listen to music, and talk to strangers online. I wrote down different aspects of my life like my strengths, values, and what I want people to say in my funeral. I put them in a notes file titled "**RAVEN'S ROAD TO SELF-ACTUALIZATION**". I also have a guide for my self-actualization plan, some pointers. I believe it will be a lifelong process but I'm really excited to do it. It's almost like I'm being hypomanic because of it. I have gathered enough reading resources to last me for a few months of doing research. I did a skim reading of *Alan Watts*'s ***The Way of Zen***. A lot of people suggested a bunch of reading materials for me to look into because I asked for book suggestions regarding the "self". I figured I'll just start with the Eastern point of view then move to the West, then compare. It might be a long process but I'm determined to see it through. I talked to a lot of people today, some on Discord, most on Instagram. *redrumthebum* gave me reading materials and I asked if his offer to sit in his classes was true because I felt like doing it. I message *9rpeggi* on Instagram, asking for her Spotify account so I can judge it. She also gave me a bunch of her playlists, I saved all of them for future listening. She didn't say a word, just reacted with emojis on my chats. I talked to Renson, he asked me for a translation of the picture he sent. He also told me about his project for his girlfriend and their first anniversary. He also sent me his Google Drive where images of his journal pages are at. I talked to a random stranger about music and going to concerts. Then I messaged Jia (Nakadai) and asked her if she's Japanese (she hasn't replied yet). I've been talking to IC throughout the day, too. She's watching AOT. Kanola talked to me about how she feels depressed because of her fear of not succeeding in entering an art school. I sympathized with her and offered a solution. She hasn't replied yet but she read the messages. Anyway, I haven't been doing anything from my planner. It's like someone threw a baseball ball and the wind swept it so it changed direction. That's currently where I'm at. I'm drinking the last of our coffee. I'm trying to make it last until tomorrow. My parents are completely broke right  now. My dad didn't get his salary, he can get it on Tuesday. So almost 4 more days of being hungry, coffee-less and not having some kind of stability because I refuse to. Although I'm a little bit annoyed that I can't study Japanese nor make art nor do calisthenics. I just can't stomach it, for some reason. Don't know if I'll sleep today but I plan on reading for the rest of the night.