staus: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[self-improvement]] 

I was about to fall asleep then I remembered I have to write. There’s so much on my mind, so much realizations and discoveries. So, you remember how I was missing my internet friends, right? Well, earlier I was so depressed and I miss them so much that I decided to read our conversations starting from when I created the group chat up to when I left. While reading, it felt like cold water was splashed on my head. It’s like it’s been there all along and I was too blind to see it: I don’t like myself. I want to say hate but hate is a strong word. It’s so obvious now. All this time I’ve been wondering “what the hell is my problem?”. It’s this, and that I’m self-absorbed. Once these were paired, I was a disaster. I’m oversensitive, clingy, a pushover, unauthentic, insecure, diffident, always looking for approval, can’t handle rejection, can’t accept the past, obsessive, hypocritical and so so unkind to myself. All this time I’ve been fearing I’d be found out I was a fake, and I thought that was impostor syndrome but no, I actually am a fake. I fake everything. Because I don’t like myself. And I’ve been so scared of being found out that I wrapped myself up so they won’t see. And I’m also a big fucking coward. I ran away—I always do. In fact, I’m so good at being a coward that I deluded myself into thinking it’s self care. It’s not. I see it now. It’s all so clear. I wasn’t on the road to improvement, I was just standing on the sidewalk watching cars pass by. I didn’t cut them off because I thought I needed space, that was me being a coward. But I did end up needing that space. I didn’t want Renson to come to the movie date, I never did. But knowing me who’s a hypocrite, lied to myself, told them it’s fine, even talked to the guy and all—all the while opposite to what I’m feeling. I’m still very much hung up on CJ, I’ve always been. I just tell myself I’m not so that I can prove to others I’m not obsessive and delusional. But I am. I never stopped, I just avoided it. It all ties up to why I prevented the meet-up from happening at all means. I was jealous, always been. I just haven't admitted that, but I know deep down I was. Then it became obsessive, as always, I ended up comparing myself to him every chance I get. Wondering if CJ and him finally talked, finally ended up together, if possible. That’s all I can think of every single day. I’m so disgusted by the fact that I still fucking care, after all the time passed. I never let myself accept these things because it would mean I don’t have my shit together. I never let myself feel things, the heartbreak and grief, because I don’t like myself. I haven’t for a while and maybe it’s time I acknowledge that. I see everything now. Now’s not the time to reminisce the past and think about when or if I’ll be back. I’m just being melodramatic like always. I know when I come back now, no matter how much I missed them, with me being all messed up like this, I’m just setting myself up and everything around me for disaster. I still can’t forgive myself for all the stupid shit I said and did. First step is to acknowledge my flaws (which is this) and being honest to myself, second is forgiving myself for leaving and breaking promises, third is accepting my feelings and validating them, then last is self-love and appreciation. Until I’ve done those, I can’t come back, not yet. I still don’t have that much needed character development even though it’s almost a year since I left—no change at all. I was too busy distracting myself that I completely forgot about my problems. Something’s gotta give, something’s gotta change. Distancing myself and isolating won’t make a difference if I don't even work on myself. 