status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Hello. I haven't written in a while. I've been kind of in a huge slump. I can't seem to start doing anything. I feel paralyzed. Like right now, I'm paralyzed by this overwhelming sadness. I can't cry though, even if I tried. I don't know what's wrong. There really isn't anything making me this miserable but I just really can't help but hate myself a lot. Thinking about my ex-girlfriend makes me hate myself a lot. Everything I do and think and say makes me hate myself a lot. It's been a few days that I've been thinking of wanting to die. I'm not gonna act upon it, it's just a really strong feeling. 

I have a new crush. I don't even know her name but I think she goes by "Jia". I told my friends about her and they said she looks like a mix of me and my ex-girlfriend—I knew that already and I agreed. Her style is very goth and she studies at DLSU, which is a prestigious university that only rich young adults can enroll in. Honestly, she's 1000% out of my league, just like CJ. I even asked my sister to pick between the two of them who's more attractive—she couldn't pick because they are on the same level, I agreed later on. I made the impulsive decision of using my private account to follow her account, she followed me back. Ever since then, she's always one of the first viewers of my Instagram stories. But like I said, she's way up there in terms of dateable standards but she makes me think about my ex less. I look forward to Jia viewing my story than CJ. Here I am, getting limerent over another girl who's way out of my league and making the same mistakes before. I couldn't possibly go talk to Jia right now and try to flirt and pursue because look, I'm not very desirable at the moment, aren't I? Unemployed, not in school, still heavily relies on parents for money, still lives with family, incredibly low self-esteem, still not over the goddamn ex—so yeah. Even if she's interested, I just can't right now. I'll just hate myself a lot again. It will ruin me again. But this is kinda nice, wherever I am now. Having another someone I look forward to interacting on social media other than my ex. 

Anyways, I'm writing here because I can't seem to start studying. I feel very stuck. I am aware I'm procrastinating and I'm just buying time but I'm just very sad right now. I made art an hour ago after a long time of being afraid to even lift a pencil and put it on paper. It's very messy, I did it on the floor, my art materials are sprawled everywhere, but it felt liberating. It's art inspired by an EP I've been listening to on repeat lately: ***Did Everything Feel Beautiful When You Let Go Of The Idea Of Being Anything At All*** (2016) by *Flatsound*. I resonate so much with the EP, even though my breakup was 2 years ago. It all still feels like it only happened yesterday. I'm so fucking tired of thinking about CJ, to be honest, it's making me sick. It's making me hate myself a lot. But what can I do, really? I'm just gonna ride the waves and be miserable for some time, be content in a few, and be miserable again.

Also, did you know Renson and CJ aren't following each other on their personal Instagram accounts anymore? I was very shocked. I wonder what happened. 

I’m going to sleep for a while. I really can't study right now.