status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[friendship]]

Maybe now's a good time to look at my friendships in perspective so that I know what boundaries to put up and to determine how much I'd restrain myself from acting out my worst (and best). I know I said I'll just be myself but even though I also know I don't really know myself, I should know how to act natural in a way that I won't regret saying or doing things. With IC, I feel comfortable. But there's always a part of me I conceal whenever I'm with her. Like I'm always focused on her. That's the same feeling I have with CHARARANT. There's this sort of disconnect from them that I cannot shake off. With Kanola, I'm very comfortable around her. Maybe way too comfortable. I could say or do anything around her and she'll never find me weird or unusual. Probably because we met at a place where interests and passions and mental illnesses aren't very unusual. Like we said yesterday, we met each other in our worst states yet we still stayed. And also, this might sound mean but, our significant differences in intelligence—or at least cognitive abilities—make me feel superior, in a way, around her so I feel okay with saying anything that sounds trying hard to be smart (even though in reality I'm not). But I can also be stupid around her, that's for sure. Even if there's still a bit of disconnect since I can't really show my most vulnerable sides to her (she doesn't know how to deal with that), that's a "me" problem. I can still be myself around her so that's good. With Lou, I can just be myself, and feel things, too. I have laid down almost all of my walls and defenses with her, yet I know I have to maintain caution because of what happened. I need to choose my words and actions carefully. Despite me being comfortable around her, I need to respect her boundaries. But yeah, she's definitely someone worth keeping. With Louise, CJ, and ate MJ—it's a bit tricky. They're someone I've known for a long time, yet we haven't really grown past our talking stage. It's significantly difficult to be myself and to show feelings around them and I can't really blame them for being so closed off and mute about their thoughts and emoions. We've yet to reach that stage. CJ being my ex-girlfriend shouldn't affect how I treat them. So how should I treat them and be myself at the same time? I have to respect their boundaries and their choice to remain silent. I don't want to treat them the same as I treat CHARARANT, like there's some sort of disconnect. Though in terms of comfortableness, I lean more towards CHARARANT, because we've been together longest and has hung out far more, too. I guess I'll just not rush things. I'll wait for them to open up, no matter how long it'll take. It's my choice to remain by their side, so I should also expect that it's not gonna be that easy. I'll just be myself, while maintaining a healthy distance, with my thoughts and emotions. Even if they choose to keep this friendship at a distance, I guess that's their choice, I'll respect that decision, I can't do anything more about it. 

I couldn't fucking do anything. At the very least, I finished some Anki decks and read some Japanese media. All I can think about is tomorrow, and we're not even totally sure if it'll happen. I want it to happen. I tried asking CJ about it but I was left in vagueness once again, I mean, what do I expect from her? So yeah, I'll just look forward to playing ROBLOX with Lou tomorrow and going on the tambay VC at SINEGANG Discord server. I miss Aya and Arnon. By the way, I cooked Korean chicken poppers for dinner, taught by my mom. It ended up delicious, even the sauce. It's further dawning on me that my mom would die anytime. It's like, it's just a matter of time, and we're all just preparing for it. I'll try and savor each moment.