status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[ramblings]] [[birthday]] 

I was supposed to do my laundry today but I woke up at noon. So my plans were ruined. Well, not really. I'm trying not to beat myself up too much over these things. I mean, I know I can do better, and I will, it's just that not everything will go perfectly according to plan. Anyway, it's my birthday today. My friends messaged me on Messenger, MJ even tried to call, but I purposefully ignored their messages until I finished working out. I pretended to be asleep. I didn't really want to interact with them yet but eventually I gave in. Two people told me they loved me today (IC and Janelle) and I never said it back because I wouldn't mean it if I did. Ate Jana also messaged me a happy birthday. She asked what I wanted for my birthday. It took me a while to think about it, while in the shower. I didn't really have anything particular in mind that I wanted to have. So I settled for just sending me money, even though I feel like she feels that would be insincere, but whatever. I'm just glad she remembered me and my birthday and even thought of getting me something. She sent me 500 pesos. I still don't know what to do with it so I'll just leave it be for the mean time. Enzo Islanan also messaged me a happy birthday but I didn't view his message nor replied. I'm still pretending to be a dead person. I continued my animation. I finished 2 scenes today. I was thinking earlier how I fear that my limerent feelings will never really go away, just like my mental illness. I will always miss CJ and the idea of being with her. So it's so much better this way. I told IC about how sad I feel for deleting my personal private Instagram account because that was the last mode of communication I had with my ex and former internet friends, but she ignored that part of my message. I'm kind of getting used to these things now, not having anyone to talk to about anything. So I'll just write everything down here in my journal. I thought about a lot of things. I thought about college, having a passion project, and savoring the remaining days I have like this. I'm thinking the life I have now, will not always be the case. This will change. My entire life will change, at many points in my lifetime, whether I like it or not. My parents will die, my relatives won't always prepare for Christmas and New Year's (that'll soon be our job), my siblings will grow older and mature, some of them will have kids, people I know will have kids, and I'd have to take full responsibility as an adult sooner or later. So I shouldn't be too attached. Time will never stop. The only thing, rather the best thing, I can do right now is to be very aware of the present moment. Savor each second, as if it's my last. I guess that's what I want to do for the rest of my waking days. I'm 22 now. There's so much more to live for. The day is ending. I was thinking of answering some journal prompts specifically for birthdays but I realized those questions can be answered anytime, birthday or not. Also, Kanola said she'll take some time off Instagram. I told her to just message me on Discord if she ever needed anything but so far she hasn't sent me anything. Times like this I realize how alone I am. But also I thought about I still have my family so that's one relationship I haven't fucked up yet. I figured if I were to have good relationships with other people in the future and learn how to show love, I should start with my family. I should learn to say 'thank you' more often. To appreciate them, spend time with them. I don't really have to say words out loud, I can just show them that I do care. I'm going to start with that. I haven't received any letter from Lou even though I was expecting to. I also didn't receive any anonymous text messages secretly from my former internet friends. I'm too imaginative. Oh well. Anyways. Happy birthday, me. Here's to appreciating every second of life, we only have so little of it.