status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[prompts]] [[authenticity]] 

Same thing happened today. I slept late and woke up late. I did my daily Japanese exercises then proceeded to study high school geometry. Like damn, this is the first time I actually get trigonometric ratios and how to solve for them—and it's fucking easy! Why did I think it was rocket science back in high school? I didn't take studying seriously, I'm partly annoyed by that. Anyways, I cut my studying short because I had to eat and do chores. We haven't been eating good food lately because my parents didn't have money but today my older brother got his salary so we got to eat hotdog and some chicken skin. My mom also bought milo, COFFEE, and finally some toothpaste. I thought I'd have to skip brushing my teeth for days, that'll be a nightmare. Then, I helped my sister record a video for her schoolwork. Lastly, I continued reading ***Man's Search for Meaning***. Also, I finally have 100 friends on Goodreads! And I'm nearing 500 followers on Instagram. I've been active on posting weird stuff on my Instagram story. I don't know, I just like doing it even if nobody cares. I'm hoping I'll do more work tomorrow. I didn't do calisthenics today. 

Why is it important to be genuine? Well, what is the opposite of genuine? Fake? Insincere? Unauthentic? What does it mean to be genuine anyways? Being genuine means honesty, doesn't it? Staying honest and true to yourself and to the people around you. It's when you're not being a hypocrite and you don't have hidden agendas. Your actions are sincere and reflects who you really are as a person. Sure, being genuine would also mean being kind, but they're not mutually exclusive. Being genuine just mean being your true honest self. Thus, if your core personality is being a dick, and you're showing that you are a dick, then that's being genuine, too. Genuine does not equate not being an asshole. But why is it important to be genuine? I guess, so that people would know how to act around you? They'd know what to make of you. I mean it's the same with being closed-off if you're not genuine. You're just not there. Being genuine is connecting, being human—even if it meant being an asshole—that's human, too. It's a reminder to everyone around you that you're the same as them, in a way. An invitation of interaction or connection, either positive or negative. I mean, at least you're real.