status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]] [[loneliness]] 

I woke up late again yesterday, around 6:30 PM. I skipped my antidepressants again, for the third time now, and I can already feel the effects kicking in. I feel so sad and lonely lately. Even if I talk to my closest friends. Even if I admit to myself I crave deep intimate emotional connections. Is this a depressive episode coming in? I find it hard to tell. It's been a while since I last had one. I can't differentiate normal sadness to an onslaught of mild depression. I want to write about what I dreamt of but I can't remember them as soon as I wake up. Earlier, when I woke up, all I want to do is fall back asleep. I just don't have the energy to do anything. Right now, I decided not to sleep again and just listen to music until morning. I'm now left with my thoughts. I'll take my time to talk about what I have in mind. Honestly, all I can think about a lot is how lonely I am. I want someone to love, to share these moments with, to talk about anything and everything, to hug, to kiss, to watch films together with, to listen to music together with. I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm honestly the happiest and most content I've ever been in my entire life so far—but, you know, I still can't help but feel incomplete. I know what my heart desires, it's love. Not just any kind of love, I'm talking romantic love. I want loyalty, devotion, trust, communication, vulnerability—total surrender. I know I've quit social media (at least a little bit) though I still check other people's lives through their Instagram stories and posts. I've realized quite a few things. One, is that I have my own personal standard of how life is actually supposed to be lived and I can't help but impose them on other people and judge them accordingly, and myself. It's stupid, really. I'd think that consuming meaningful media and working on personal development is the key to having a successful and rich life—I judge people if they aren't on the same path as I am. But really, it's probably because I am really insecure about my life and I still think what they're doing with their lives is what's right, as if there's a specific path every single person is supposed to walk on. I see people my age going through college, pursuing personal careers, having fun with friends, drinking, having a job, going to gigs or concerts—and I don't have those so I get really insecure. I'd think my life hasn't started yet, even though it already did, for a long while now. It's just me who's stopping that for thinking these thoughts. It's my mindset that's bringing me down. I don't validate what I feel and what I experience. I just don't think that what I'm doing is "right" or "enough". When can I ever feel I'm enough? I'm doing what I want to do every single day, I have the luxury not everyone has which is all the time in the world, why do I still feel inadequate? I am content, in a sense that I like where I am right now and I couldn't really ask for more, but why do I feel like this? It's like I'm craving for something new, a thrill to my mundane life even though I don't really have time for a change of plans. It's like something's missing. Like I haven't peaked yet. Shouldn't I be happy that this is not yet the best I'll ever be? Shouldn't I be excited to find that out? There's so much in store for me. I should be patient with what's to come and enjoy what I have right now instead of yearning for it. Yearning happens because I desire other things and stop living in the present. My life has long started, it's just not at its climax. I shouldn't seek it because I might ruin the surprise. We'll just have to wait. Wait and enjoy the process. Who knows when I'll have moments to contemplate like this and have the luxury to be sad and lonely? I'll probably miss it if I'm not anymore. I keep forgetting to live in the moment. I really don't have a good reason to be depressed right now. This is probably just the after effects of skipping my antidepressants thrice, plus the yearning for my ex-girlfriend. Oh, by the way, I unmuted her on Instagram. I view her stories now and I'm glad she's living a nice life. Nice enough for her to post a photo of the sky, at least. I've been thinking about it a lot. About her. About me. She's still so goddamn pretty, and maybe that's not enough reason for me to still like her and not get over her. There's so much, so many women in the world, that is a hundred times better than her, who is right for me. If she was the best I've ever had then I'm not meeting enough people. The longer I think about her, and see her, and fixate on her, the more I realize that she's not really the person that I want. I do miss her and my internet friends, sure, but I can live without them. I could come back to them, but that would mean I'll also embrace all my insecurities and the possibilities of them hurting me. That's still a whole lot of work to do, that takes time. I miss her, but only because I miss what I felt around her. I miss the feeling of being wanted. I miss the playfulness and flirting and harmless banters. But I have to keep in mind I can still have that with other people. I probably just need to meet new people. Get out of my comfort zone, something like that. It's raining quite heavily now, I like the sound of the rain hitting the ground, the roofs, and then the chill humid atmosphere. I'm talking to a stranger on the Dimensional app now. I've been talking to a lot of strangers lately. Maybe it's a way to put a band-aid on this crippling loneliness I'm experiencing. I probably just really need to step out of my zone. Have a nice change for once. Oh I fucking hate thunder and lightning. Especially now because we don't have curtains on our room window yet. The light from the sky clearly shines on us momentarily. I also hate the anxiety of feeling like the lightning will strike me. I fucking hate it.