status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Last day of my free time before I dive into my (new) routine. I finally started Tobira. It took a lot of time writing down the vocabulary and kanji on my notes. But that's okay. I decided on studying for 5 hours of Japanese a day, meaning: 1 hour preparation, 1 hour textbook, and 3 hours immersion. I'm gonna trust what people said about how important language immersion is, soaking up all the content in the target language like a baby watching cartoons and picking up words and phrases from them. I realized that's how I became fluent in English when I was a kid growing up. I've been exposed to the English language my whole life. Now I have to do the same but in Japanese. I'm starting to prepare myself for how challenging this journey can be, but I'm very determined to see it through. After all, I'm in love with the process itself. I haven't been reading books nor watching films nor listening to my playlists nor doing calisthenics. I realized having no plans results to more procrastination and boredom—I can't stand doing nothing.

I kept daydreaming of having a girlfriend—either getting back together with my ex or some cute Japanese girl I'd meet. I imagine myself kissing them, and receiving confessions of love. But then I realize I'm starting to believe that I'll never be capable of loving someone, as well as being in a relationship. I find it hard to believe that someone may fall for me and me to her. It just seems impossible right now. Even though I yearn for that kind of warmth, I don't think I'm ready for it. Or even at all. This is sad. Why am I talking so sadly? I'm a downer.