status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I couldn't sleep last night. It's well past midnight, past my bedtime, but I couldn't sleep. Instead, I cried. I'm not sure why. Maybe it's because I was feeling lonely, or that I'm grieving for the removal of hope for future reconciliation with my ex—I don't know, I just cried. Then after calming down, I started a new book called ***Digital Minimalism***. It sparked my interest because I recently deleted my personal private Instagram account. I fell asleep while reading that. I woke up at noon. I edited the last 2 scenes I made of the animation but didn't feel like continuing, so I just read a book while listening to my playlist and drinking coffee. I didn't workout today, too, that's my fault, I was being lazy. 6 PM came, I was about to re-do my routines and schedules because I felt called to after reading the chapter of the book about digital decluttering. But first, my mom ordered us (me and my sister) to withdraw cash from the ATM and buy chicken for dinner. We went and bought some (it was the wrong franchise) but whatever. I ate dinner while redoing my routines, schedules and reminders. I cut down on my Japanese studies by 2 hours, and instead of doing everything at once in one day, I scheduled each immersion activity throughout the week. I also implemented some time for research and tarot readings on Thursdays. I also made my night routine (preparations before sleeping) be at 9 PM. And strictly no phone screens by 10 PM. So there's that. I'm already prepared for sleeping as I'm writing this down. Oh, I also set app limits for Reddit, Instagram, and Twitter (X). 

If I could travel to anywhere right now, maybe I'd simply go to a coffee shop and a bookstore. Or maybe some kind of local vinyl record store or an art museum. I want to just chill. But if we're talking about big plans, of course, I'd want to go to Japan.