status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[future]] [[optimism]] [[adulthood]] 

A lot of plans didn't happen today. I didn't get to use the laptop because I was asleep until noon. I didn't get to play ROBLOX with Lou. I also didn't get to meet CJ today. She never messaged me saying she's nearby. I'd like to think the meetup won't really happen since she's still very far away and she has a job. However, my mom taught me how to cook adobo—so that's what I did during the evening. I started taking down notes of the recipes so that I can remember. Mom and I also made fruit salad. While eating at the dining room, I told my mom I plan on getting a job as a service crew. She said go for it. And I had this weird feeling, like I'm allowing myself to just be chill, have fun, and do shit I like that can potentially benefit others. I'm not putting so much pressure on myself. Not grinding too hard just to have a name for myself or to become a master of a skill set in a short span of time, just so I can say I’m doing something valuable with my time, so that I can “keep up”. All my other friends are employed, graduated college, or in their last years—while I haven't started. I think I've long accepted the fact that I'm starting a tad bit late and I'm at peace with my life being yet to "start". I know technically speaking life has already started the moment I opened my eyes, I mean that's how I’ve been treating it, but I just know the good parts are yet to come. I'm still so young. There's so much yet to happen. I think I'm secure with my current state of mind. I'm starting to take responsibility for a lot of things voluntarily. I'm learning how to cook and be in charge of the kitchen and all the house cleaning and errands. I'm spending more time with my family and friends. I'm gonna start looking for a job while I'm still not in school to help pay for my student debt. I don't feel afraid of meeting other people anymore. I savor each moment. This is all that matters. I know things can take a turn, for better or for worse, but I think I'll be okay. Changes can happen, like my mom could die any minute now. Ever since she had a heart attack several days ago, there's always the possibility that it could happen again, and we're all just preparing for the worst. But I think I can handle it. I know I can. The important thing is that I'm having fun with my mom and enjoying life for what it is, at this moment, no matter how mundane it may be. But I don't think I can treat anything as mundane, since I'm starting to appreciate the beauty of every single thing I encounter. Life is beautiful. At least, right now. Really, it is. And even if I'm at the bottom of my worst circumstances, I know I can still find something worth acknowledging. Something that makes life worth living, and worth staying for another day. 

I feel off about the fact that I treated meeting with CJ as meeting with an ex instead of a friend. That's how I implied it to other people, and they implied things back. I didn't like how I treated as a source of gossip to Lou. Because it's not. It isn't supposed to be. I'm meeting with a friend. But saying she's just a friend would kind of be like a lie, wouldn't it? We had history together, even if short, it's undeniable how much impact she had on my life, talking or no talking. But still, she is just a friend right now, and that's the way it is—I should treat it as meeting up with any other of my friends. I shouldn't even worry if I should act normal or natural, because I never thought of that with any of my other friends. So why should I worry now, right? A romantic time with CJ is in the past, it's long gone, and I don't regret anything. Anything that happens now is up to the Universe. I did my part, and I’m still doing it by being a friend to her. It's out of my hands now. 

I was listening to *Turnover*’s ***Peripheral Vision*** and I just had a moment of clarity. I don't mind anymore if CJ is in a relationship, or would be in one. I don't think I’m hoping for a “part 2” anymore. I just see her as this person, who I’ve shared moments with, who has flaws just like I do. If she's included in my future or not, as a friend or otherwise, who’s to say? But I know to myself now that I don't see her as a potential romantic interest anymore. Right now, she's only a friend. And I think I’ve started to accept that. I feel for her the same way I felt when I was over Naomi, or Jam. I feel free. I feel like an unbearable heaviness has been lifted off my chest. I want to cry because of how relieving it feels.