status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I think we're gonna have another thunderstorm today. Dark clouds are looming over our roofs and distant flashes and rumbles echo the sky. I’m gonna have anxiety again, dear god. My dad couldn't get the curtains on yet, he’ll do it next week. So that means we’ll clearly see the lightning every time it strikes somewhere. Today was quite the busy day. I fell asleep yesterday so I couldn't finish the book *Nathaniel Branden*’s ***The Six Pillars of Self-Esteem*** and I couldn't clean my room. So I decided not to sleep to listen to music and finish the 300 pages of the book in one sitting. I learned a lot, I took down notes, but on the 8th hour mark I was almost going crazy. Not to mention my family is being busy outside my room from the open door so I’m a bit irritated that they're making a lot of noise, I couldn't focus. I brushed over a few pages because I really could care less about workplace etiquette and self-esteem among colleagues. After reading, me and my younger sister had to clean the room. I’m glad it's not THAT hot but it was still hot, I was sweating all over. We have to keep in mind that we’ll have to do this every Sunday (or Saturday). We also had to set schedules for Mason’s and Cheesecake’s bath times, so that’s nice. I’m feeling a lot of responsibility for these pets, maybe that’s a good thing. 

I wasn't as depressed today as yesterday. I’m not really yearning that much either. At least, not for romance. I’m yearning for an active thrilling college life. I’m hopeful that I can have that someday, it's just a matter of waiting and patience. Anyways, I still stalk CJ’s and Renson’s Spotify and Instagram accounts. It's like second nature now, I can't shake it off. I’m hoping it’ll die down as time goes by, it’s just become an addictive habit now. Like, what am I gonna achieve doing that? What am I gonna find out? Oh, I’m fairly sure I was just completely paranoid about their relationship. Because (1) I think Renson has a significant other or some connection with a girl named “orange.” He even made edits dedicated to her thrice, and (2) the butterfly thing that Renson dedicates to people-association stuff that I’ve always thought was about CJ? Yeah, I think it's about all the girls he has been fixating on. And I have an inkling that I’m kind of a part of it, as well as Instagram user *elvwise*. I watched his edits and I saw my artworks in there, plus, in one of the videos, there were subtle references to my favorite things, and a photo of Raven from Teen Titans. Okay, I’m probably just assuming things again but I’m pretty sure I’m kind of significant in all of this somehow. I’ve also been thinking that CJ’s kinda happier and more expressive now, judging from her Instagram stories, I guess. It's kind of unavoidable to imagine her being interested in somebody else. And I have a huge feeling that it’s gonna be a girl. I saw an Instagram story she posted where she had the caption “*napakaangas*” with a picture of college girls on the basketball court practicing. I mean, Jesus Christ, good for her, she's gay as fuck, she’s probably crushing on one of them varsities. I’d be upset if she dates a boy, honestly. I’m glad if she is seeing somebody new (a girl) now, that would be so cute. I hope they post photos of them together. Okay, that actually lessens my feelings of limerence towards her. God, I hope she dates a girl.