status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I woke up on time again today. I had burgers for breakfast. I immediately started listening to music and drew. I had this crazy idea that I will draw (or make art) out of every pin in all my pinterest boards in chronological order. May it be a random sketch, a painting study, material for a collage—anything! It's crazy because there are pins there that are very very difficult to recreate (almost impossible) but that's the challenge. I can't wait to try it! I finished 3 math units today—geometry was pretty easy. Then, I did calisthenics for more than an hour (I'm getting more noticeably bulkier) and showered afterwards. Throughout the day, I kept checking my Instagram notifications and story views—which was a clear violation of my set rules. So I did an ultimatum and vowed to just check my notifications (and Instagram) once a day for the rest of the week. And I'm only allowing myself 2 notification checks every week. Anyways, I studied the tarot card *The Chariot*—it's about hard ambition and self-discipline, which, I feel like, is saying a lot about me currently. I have this really huge drive to become better. Then, I read 2 books—continuations of what I am currently reading—took some notes, then learned how to draw the shoulder muscles (I was a bit sloppy). I finished early but I went straight to the last thing in my schedule which was to read an hour or two of manga. I'm currently reading ***Beck: Mongolian Chop Squad*** and I feel like for a manga with 100 and more chapters, it's pretty fast-paced. I am enjoying it though. It's very early in the day, I still have a lot of free time before I prepare and go to bed. I'm just gonna add a quick note about how I'm slowly losing my grip on my limerent feelings over CJ. The more I'm distracted, the more it fades away. I'm thinking about it lesser now, detaching myself more, and when I do think about it, I don't feel that same sense of insatiable yearning anymore. I don't want to be together with her again, less to even meet her in the future. I think I'm better off without her. Wow, that was an empowering thing to say. I feel a sense of calling outside of her and myself—the kind that can only exist if my connections with her are severed. I'm not talking about social media and all that junk, I'm talking about the attached emotions. The thread is slowly getting loosened, I can feel it more clearly now, and I'm happy. At this point, I don't care if she unfollows my Instagram or Spotify account, she can do what she wants. I'm just gonna be here, and live my life, which I've already been doing, even without her. Most especially without her. I think... I'm finally okay with it. I was thinking of making my animation project about my limerent feelings sooner before the feeling completely fades. I don't care if it's gonna look amateurish and colorless—when's the most important time than now (giving a quick nod to *Eckhart Tolle*)? I'll work on it on my free time.