status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]] [[prompts]] [[war]] 

I didn't sleep today, I listened to my playlists. I used the laptop at 4 AM, earlier than expected. I also learned Javascript—functions—early. I had fun completing challenges in CodeWars. A little after noom I found myself having nothing to do. Might as well check out what my dad wanted me to see; some shady job offer. At first, the WhatsApp number provided is located in Thailand, so that's suspicious #1. Then, when I talked to the lady, she spoke with typos and grammatical errors, suspicious #2. She wasn't very clear with what I had to do for the job, too, it was too vague—suspicious #3. Then she made me open an unknowng unfamiliar link: a link where I can download their "company's app." It directed me to a QR code. And it made me stop and doubt heavily. I searched reddit threads about job offers in WhatsApp and they said most of the time it's a scam. So yeah, no, I'm not gonna go through with it. My dad almost seemed to insist though. But nah. I went back to listening to music, albums this time, and organizing my RYM lists. I found myself getting bored, so I searched other jobs on Google. I saw this one job offer that was only posted 22 hours ago. It was 100% work-from-home, non-voice, bookkeeper position. Without paying anything any mind, I filled up their Google Form, then anxiously waited for a call. My sister and I played Roblox in between. We played a horror game called *The Mimic* (I got jumpscared), a natural disaster survival game, and a zombie-shooting game. I felt my hands and shoulders getting sore so I stopped, and went back to organizing my RYM lists. I added a few artists and releases on RYM, all of them Pinoy. Before the clock struck 6 PM, I returned the laptop because I really wanted to watch ***When Black Birds Fly*** (2016), so I did. It was still as crazy and fucked up as I remember it to be. I found myself taking a lot of screenshots and screen records so I can post on my Instagram how niche and weird I am. After watching it, I gave it a 5-star rating, it deserves it. In the middle of watching it, I got an email from a CyberBacker employee, detailing what I have to do to apply for the job. Only then did it dawn on me: I'm actually applying for a job. I'm doing it. I'm not even hesitating. It's not weighing down on me as a burden at all. Plus, I'm not even thinking about the money I'm gonna earn if I do get the job. I'm just relishing in the fact that I'm gonna be working my first ever job (if I got hired). As an afterthought, I thought about all the time dedicated to studying I have to sacrifice for this job. But I felt okay with it anyways. I'm going to make my resume tomorrow and officially apply—hopefully I get the initial interview in the same day so we can all get over it quickly. I'm going to mentally prepare myself, of course, but surprisingly I don't feel nervous about it at all. All I can think about is how much APEC helped me prepare for something like this. I can just treat it just like talking with an LF about my current tasks (this will also prove to be helpful in the actual job). Or talking to the guidance counselor who's checking in on me. I also have been interviewed before in CIIT. I can do this, I've done it before. Not exactly a job interview but basically I know what its like talking infront of someone who's evaluating me and looking for my qualifications. No pressure at all. Because I have nothing to lose, and more to gain, even from just the experience itself. Anyways, I tried reading a book but my brain's a mush—I haven't slept yet, that's why. So I'm closing the day early so I can go to bed early, hopefully. Tomorrow will be a good day and I'm excited for what's to come. 

Why do wars exist in the world? I remember Marx's argument about how back then, owners of slaves and goods production, once there's a shortage of slaves who will be the manpower for their source of income, will have to resort to either breeding or snatching from other countries—that's how wars happen—at least, one of the reasons. Wars also happen because of territorial disputes. It could also be about racism and pure hatred (i.e. Hitler). Or some arrogant fucks got their egos hurt so they declare war on nations so they can regain their pride. Basically wars exist because people want things. Things will never be enough, and so they'll do anything, any means, to get what they want—and so wars happen.