status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]] 

My life was brought to a halt and I continued it. I woke up early so that I can use the laptop to make my résumé and apply for the bookkeeping job. Making the résumé was a piece of cake. I just listed down what I did back in school: student council, journalism, as well as my accounting  skills that I acquired when I graduated senior high. I also listed down my hard skills: some web development and N4-level Japanese, and my soft skills such as creativity, perseverance and a long list of me trying my best to be confident. I finished the résumé in just maybe under 30 minutes and I showed it to my parents so that I know what to revise. They both said it was amazing, very professional. My dad said if he was the employer he'd think it was impressive for just a high school graduate. He said I was concise and straightforward. So I filled out the application form, uploaded the résumé, took the values assessment, and waited. And waited... I waited for 2 hours because it was stated in the instructions that the next step is for me to enter the Zoom link for the initial interview. It's a first come, first served basis so you really had to wait. So my waiting time was over 3 hours now. I searched for reddit threads if the wait was really that long and I got some pretty nasty reviews on CyberBacker as a company and the hiring process was tedious. I sweated a little bit. So as a last resort, I tried to look for other jobs. I even sent my email to one of those companies. I was anxiously waiting for an opportunity to have my initial interview, even when I look like shit and haven't prepared anything at all, when I got the email: my initial interview should be on Monday or Tuesday at 6 AM. That took a huge load of my back. I have time to prepare afterall. I wasn't really nervous, not really. It's just talking (but I don't know if I'm only saying this because I'm faking it 'till I make it). But yeah, I don't feel anxious and nervous, as I would expect myself to be. It's like I'm a completely different person: confident, self-aware, calm and composed. I just know my years in APEC has shaped me into the person I am today. Makes me think how Lou hated APEC with a passion while I worship it like a God (and she doesn't know). I mean, if she had bad experiences, then that's her experience. I had good experiences in APEC and it made me better in a lot of aspects. We're different. I don't know if I can bring that up to her without her exploding with aggressive reaction. That's why I double-check what I say to her these past few months. But anyway, that's a different talk. I'm talking about my job interview now. So I had a fun talk with my parents about my salary and what I'll do with it—and I keep reminding them I'm not even hired yet. But they said "just in case." I feel confident about getting this job. And I'm hoping it's not just blind manic optimism. I am confident because I don't have anything to lose and I have more to gain. I don't care if I don't get the job. It's gonna be an opportunity cost. Sure, I won't get the money, but then I would have all the time in the world to keep on investing in my current skillset and eventually become properly experienced and employable in the future. Which, I realized, I wasn't prioritizing properly. I realized I should be spending most of my days studying Japanese, instead of math and science, because one of my bigger goals is to live in Japan. Why am I stressing over finishing two units a day from a 16-unit leftover pending coursework I have to finish before September 30, when that doesn't really align with my goals? I should just take my time with my other interests while focusing on my main priority: Japanese! So yeah I don't really care if I don't get the job. I'll probably find another company to apply to, or not. Who knows? So after knowing my interview schedule, I spent a little time on the laptop to take a practice N5 JLPT test (which I almost failed) and took a Ratatype typing practice test to assess my typing speed: highest was 94 wpm and 96% accuracy. That's probably good enough. Tomorrow I have to brush up what I learned in APEC about ABM, learn about CyberBacker and my job position, and practice those interview questions my dad sent. 4 PM came and I haven't done calisthenics yet. I've been skipping for 3 days. "I'll do it later at night," I said. I ended up creating my own Japanese dictionary, purely handwritten, filled with all the words I learned in Genki 1 and 2 textbooks. I only realized I've been sitting here for 6 straight hours just writing (while eating some tuna sandwiches  in between). My fingers ached so I stopped and talked to my sister. We ended up talking about anything and everything for almost 2 hours. I told her if I did get the job, I'll probably help buy her her own phone, and buy myself a MacBook Pro. When we were talking, we encountered the angel numbers 111 and 777, which means growth, self-discovery and entering new horizons. Which was really coincidental because she's gonna start on open high and I'm applying for a job. We claimed it and shook hands. Well, that was a good rest of the day. If I do get the job though, which I didn't even properly consider, I'd have to rewrite my long-term plans and adjust my daily schedules. I'd have to do my hobbies less frequently than ever before. I'd have lesser time to hone my skills and enjoy my free time. But oh well, that's something I can live with—I can live with and without anything. I also thought I wouldn't post anything about me applying for a job on my Instagram, unless I really do get the job. So anyways yeah, I decided I'll just restart my week: spend my weekends focusing on preparations for the interview, I won't do the rest of my weekly goals yet, I won't do my daily Japanese word/kanji/sentence, I'll probably skip some calisthenics too, but I'll start again next week. For now, I'll just take a bath, finish this Japanese dictionary, relax, and have a good (late) night's sleep.