status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] 

A lot happened today. I woke up on time today. I went out to the laundromat to do my laundry. My mom also ordered me to withdraw cash (₱7000) from her ATM. The laundromat didn't have change for a ₱1000-bill so I went to Mercury to buy stuff. At first I didn't know what to buy. I was gonna buy a small bottle of Cetaphil Gentle Facial Cleanser but it was expensive, plus I was already trying to stick to a routine, though the effects of it haven't been visible yet. I ended up grabbing a Latte in a fancy glass bottle and an AQUA Moisturizer made in Korea. All in all, it cost me ₱380. Sheesh. I went back to wait for my laundry to finish, then I went home. I was already listening to some albums and reading a book while in the laundry. And when I got home, I hung my clothes to dry (while still listening to albums). I listened to 3 albums in total. I continued reading a book. Then I answered Algebra exercises, did my Anki science flashcards and refreshed my knowledge of HTML. After that, I studied anatomy—abs in particular. Then I studied Japanese. I didn't really dive deep into my Tobira exercises so I went out to have my ID photocopied. My mom ordered me to xerox some papers, so I did. I ended up taking some papers from the computer shop that weren't for me. I said, fuck it, I went home. Afterwards, I did calisthenics, both arms and core. I felt good. In the middle of it, I spent the rest of my money on stainless steel fake piercings and black masks. They still haven't been shipped. I took a shower. I changed my face and body towels. I borrowed a small towel from my sister. I also took some Victoria's Secret lotion. I watched ***I Want to Eat Your Pancreas*** while cutting paper for my animation. In the middle of it, I was left home alone by my brother and our dog. So I took the opportunity and masturbated with my pillow. It was soaked wet afterwards. We ate siomai and chicken skin, I was really hungry so it was a good meal. I started watching ***Perfect Blue*** but stopped in the middle then I listened to a podcast. Finally, the moment I was waiting for: I prepared to sleep. I did my night skin routine: Naturally European soap, my new AQUA moisturizer (it was light blue and weirdly matte), topped it with Bad Habit night cream, then Vaseline Lip Therapy. Skin care is expensive. I'm thinking about what I have to buy in the future to maintain a consistent routine. Anyways, staying inside all the time makes me appreciate it better whenever I'm outside. Except that my social anxiety prevents me from living in the moment. I keep thinking about '*what if people are looking at me?*' and I can't really stop those thoughts. I wish to be free from these shackles of social anxiety and cripplingly low self-esteem.