status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I woke up early to listen to music but I surrendered to my urges of sleepiness so I went right back to sleep an hour later. I did draw today though. I woke up around 3 PM and started studying—that's my top priority. I didn't do calisthenics today because I was too busy studying, I didn't have time. I also didn't get a certificate of indigency, I don't know why I didn't. Maybe I thought my mom will take care of it, which was bullshit, I'm old enough to get one my own, I just didn't. Anyways, I learned the tarot card *Strength*. I finished *Eckhart Tolle*'s ***The Power of Now***. Reading that book feels like knowing the answer to everything but you're not ready to hear it, even if you wanted. I found myself having this strong sense of resistance and doubt to everything the author says—I figured that's just me refusing to accept that what I'm reading is just different to what I'm used to. It's my ego speaking, I guess. There's a core truth in every paragraph in the book, but I'm just not ready to surrender to it. It did give me a nod towards the right direction though, I just know it. I am on the path to enlightenment and the only way to be is being in the now. 

I haven't been dreaming much lately but the last dream I had was about my older sister. She did something to violate my boundaries or was extremely offensive to me as a person. I felt myself hate her for it. In reality, I don't have that strong feeling of dislike towards my older sister. In fact, I feel neutral about her. I can't even say I love her, I'm that distant from her. Anyway, that dream is probably hidden resentment towards family relationships being manifested. I feel like I have to prove something to my family and relatives to be accepted and respected as a person, which is bullshit by the way. There is literally nothing to prove. And I shouldn't have such defenses to feel like they have the power to hurt me in any way. I also shouldn't feel the need to hide or obscure my truest self. What they see is what they should get. I shouldn't just be someone who's an overall relatively okay person deep inside—I should be someone who embodies my traits: full-on raw authenticity.