status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[self-improvement]] [[limerence]]

By the time I finish this entry, it’ll be Tuesday. I have a lot going on in my mind today that I couldn't do anything on my to-do list just after 9 PM and before 11 PM. I could say it’s just because I’m a little bit sad and depressed but that's going to be dismissive of my feelings. So let’s talk about what's on my mind. 

The main thing that's been occupying my mind is Christine. My limerent feelings over her. Somehow it got ignited after I unmuted her on Instagram. Probably a bad move. I also became kinda active on Instagram, which is also probably a bad move. But is it really? I mean, avoiding it is just making me crave it more. At the same time, her viewing my stories and me viewing her stories satisfies my limerent cravings. I guess it all boils down to, like, a limerent withdrawal kind of thing. Of course I’m going to crave every little bit of attention coming from her. Any subtle action from her that might, at the slightest possibility, mean something and somehow connects to me. My imagination can just fill in the rest. I want to say it's really annoying, and it is, but that's also just being reactive and dismissive. We have to acknowledge the ‘why.’
  
Throughout my limerent experience with CJ, I unknowingly tended to handpick certain traits and experiences regarding her and shape it into a bigger story about who she is, not who she really is. My version of her in my head is simply a glorified and exaggerated fantasy made specifically to represent the fulfillment of my unmet needs. For example, CJ has mentioned she never really liked or had a crush on anyone. That would mean I’m the only person she's ever liked, but no. Because that implies she liked me in the first place. There was never an explicit statement coming from her saying she liked me. Add to that, the matching hypothesis, which argues that people are more likely to form a romantic connection with someone who is equally socially desirable, in terms of physical attractiveness. Which, in our context, implies that I am at the same level as CJ, who I find very attractive, because she chose to date me. Not only did the above reasons boost my low self-esteem, it also relieved me of the feeling of being unwanted and all the crippling loneliness. But in truth, CJ is very nebulous. She is vague, her character is obscured, she is a mystery because she never explicitly admits things and shares anything about herself (so when she talks about herself only in front of me, I would feel that I’m special because she trusted me). All the natural uncertainties and mysteries fueled my longing-filled imagination and daydreams. Somehow, my brain managed to create this intricate perceptive world that magically aligned to my unfulfilled self-worth. Then, she is all I think about, every moment of every single day. I’d connect to her the most far-fetched things ever. I see her in every face I see on the sidewalks and every person I meet. I see things and think “she would like this” or see places and think “I could have fun with her here.” And then thinking about if we’ll ever meet in the future. How our paths will somehow cross accidentally, or like, planned by fate. It's rarely about the past interactions that I think about, it's always the daydreaming possibilities. Of how it could've been or should've been. It’s been so intrusive that sometimes I’ll take a few moments of my time each day just to dedicate it to daydreaming about her. Then there’s the persistent yearning for reciprocation. Always the reciprocation. When we’re friends, reciprocation of energy or in conversation. When we’re lovers, reciprocation of time and affection. I ultimately crave every single bit of attention and validation she gives me. And when I get it—an exact response that I imagined—it's like a shot of heroin to the brain. Like an orgasm after a lifetime of deprivation. And when I don't get it, my world crashes over my body. Complete devastation. Questioning my entire existence. Every wrong decision is scrutinized. Trigger for extreme depression and anxiety. Realizing all of this, I never really treated her as a person, ever. I’ve always treated her as a limerent object, unconsciously. I wish I was aware so I could have avoided the impact and not destroyed what could've been a nurturing friendship. But alas, we’re here, it's done. There is no one to blame but my uncontrollable obsession. That obsession has been a part of me. It is a part of me. I recognize it, I acknowledge it, and I will try and forgive it. I won't deny or avoid it. It is here and it is the sole reason for why I am feeling this way. And it's all because I yearn. I crave intimate human connection, may it be in the form of deep profound conversations, or quality time spent together, or soft gentle touches and caresses. It’s just that the unfortunate prerequisite that my mind somehow made up is romantic attraction through physical appearance. 


I’ve probably said all that I’ve been wanting to say but cannot articulate before, until now. I’m getting closer, I feel it. I won't let these emotions and withdrawals define me. Yes, it is a part of me, but accepting that doesn't mean I cannot choose to change. 

1. I will build up my self-esteem using *Nathaniel Branden*'s ***The Six Pillars of Self-Esteem***
    
2. I will form deep and significant human connections with the people around me
    
3. I won't deny or avoid my tendencies to feel limerent over her. I will simply recognize it, acknowledge it, and try to forgive that part of me.