status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[death]] 

I didn't sleep today. Instead, I just listened to music and organized my RYM *shit to listen to (never-ending challenge)* list on my sister's laptop while she slept. I had an appointment with a psychiatrist today at NCMH so I went out the house by 5 AM, I was on my own this time but my mom gave me money. Everything went well. I was able to get a number, wait, get called, wait some more, and get prescribed meds again. It was all such a breeze, probably because I'm already used to it. The whole time I was drifting on and off from slumber, my head was dizzy from the sleep deprivation—thankfully I didn't miss my number getting called. The people at NCMH are so nice. There's just this air of companionship everywhere, like we're a part of something bigger (and by bigger I meant our war against our mental illnesses). Anyways, I didn't get my medicine because I didn't have a certificate of indigency, so I got home relatively early, past 10 in the morning. I was contemplating on getting the indigency certificate by 12 but I got lazy. Instead, I ate burgers with my family and had a fun conversation. Then, my sister and I bought coffee from Super 8 while I bought a large red notebook for my commonplace book. I worked out a little bit but after my arm workouts I felt chest pains so I knew I had to stop. I tried to study but my brain isn't cooperating, I'm too sleep deprived. I just ended up editing my album of the week Instagram story and watching this film called ***街の上で*** (2021). At first I thought it was boring but everything were connected and worked out in the end, which was kinda satisfying.

Death is something that almost everyone is afraid of. It's basically the root of all phobias, the fear of death. It goes against the very nature of every living being: to survive. And yet, death is inevitable. Mortality is a fundamental part of everything that breathes. Why is that so? Well, don't ask me, I don't know the answer. Probably no one does. But it might give us some things to think about. We've always seen death as the opposite of life, its counterpart, the other side of the coin—one cannot exist without the other. What does that tell you? For me, it's that we have nothing to be afraid of in the face of death. It merely reminds us that we're here and we're a miracle. Death wouldn't exist without anything that lives, and life wouldn't exist without death. It's not the end, it's just the means to an end, and then comes a new beginning—everything turns right back around like a cycle. We are eternal. When you die, you are being born again, but in a new form, sometimes in ways that you cannot even fathom. Death also shows us that whatever time we have left now is fleeting, and that it's our job to decorate it with trinkets and memories before we all say goodbye. Again, it's not the end: we're just coming home.