status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] 

I got a lot on my mind so bear with me. My mom was sick yesterday during her shift at dawn. She kept vomiting and having diarrhea. My dad took her to the hospital. When my sister and I woke up in the morning (around 7 AM), dad told us to go watch over our mom at the hospital and replace our brother who was there since she got confined. So, my dad gave us money for food then load for internet and communication. My sister and I bought food first at a nearby 7/11—they were selling fucking onigiri (the first time I encountered one at 7/11) so I immediately bought two (tuna mayo and salmon mayo). It was a little expensive but I was feeling mischievous. Anyway, we got to the hospital and was told only one person can go inside. My sister volunteered to just stay at 7/11 while I go inside. I went inside, talked with my mom, ate my onigiris, and listened to a bit of music as mom took a nap. Mom was informed she can soon be discharged. Mom asked for a medical certificate but she forgot her wallet at home so she sent me to a nearby ATM to withdraw cash, then pay for the medical certificate—I did just that. I felt like an adult. Anyways, mom got discharged after being prescribed a shit ton of meds. She went and bought them at San Joaquin while my sister and I bought creamer and sugar at Super 8. When we got home I didn't feel like doing anything so I just went to sleep. I woke up at past 8 PM, fooled around and stared at the wall until 11 PM or something—and here we are. 

I don't know why but I just really fucking hate myself right now. I feel like wanting to die for no justifiable reason. Maybe a part of it is because Jia is probably talking to some guy right now and flirting after she completely ignored my message in her story comment box. Not like she's obligated to reply to me at all. I agree with you if you tell me I'm being fucking delusional because I am. Jia is.. a completely different person. She is, well, she's way out of my league, in terms of socioeconomic status and conventional attractiveness standards. But on top of that, I don't really think I would like it if she actually shows interest in me or even thinks about dating me. I seriously wouldn't like it. Because I really loathe myself right now and that would just ruin everything. Here I am, thinking (fantasizing) about a girl, a complete stranger or potential romantic interest, liking me back, even though we have never even talked. I don't even think I have ever crossed her mind at all. All of it just a desperate attempt to forget my ex, who I obviously still obsessively think about on a daily basis. I guess it's better than ruminating over a breakup that happened more than 2 years ago.

Renson deactivated both of his accounts, I think it's been more than a day. He also changed his profile on Spotify and Letterboxd to "deatharcana". I'm kinda worried because I actually care about him as a friend. I'm guessing it's because of his girlfriend again. I think I know what he feels like. He's desperately holding onto something that's desperately trying to break free. That could only end badly. When I think about people's relationship problems, all I can think about is: "just break up, goddamnit, it's not fucking worth it" because I have no idea how to have a healthy relationship with someone and maintain it. All I know is to end things just to solve things. I don't think it always works that way but that's all I've ever known. But who am I to say the relationship is doomed to failure. I'm not them, and I have no idea what they're going through. I'm in no place to give advice to anyone. 

Earlier I was contemplating on choosing between listening to music for 20 hours or studying Japanese for my Sunday plans. I really wanted to continue studying Japanese but I'm way behind in listening to my playlists. So I have no choice but to listen to 20-hours worth of music nonstop. Not like I'm complaining. I also wanted to continue doing art because I'm really in the mood for vent art but I just can’t seem to find the time for it. I also haven't worked out at all for more than 2 weeks. And I haven't done my "dailies" since the start of July. I am completely lagging behind. Maybe that's why I feel a sense of self-loathing because I couldn't do what I wanted to do for some time now. Like, I feel like such an unaccomplished and unproductive person. I've also wanted to study more math and science but my phone is being a bitch—battery keeps getting drained when I open the Khan Academy app even though it is constantly charging. Shit, I'm also behind schedule for studying Javascript. A thought came across my mind yesterday that maybe this is probably not the time to study programming. Like, there can be another point in my life when I have all the time in the world to learn programming, these days are just not the days since I can only borrow my brother's laptop once a week. I can just focus on other stuff. But I'm a pretty stubborn motherfucker, I want to do everything at once right now because I think, at any point, I might die. Then I'll have a bunch of regrets. 

I want to be smart. Like reaaaally smart. The only way to do that is if I work hard for it. I am willing to sacrifice my time for it. I want to be articulate and fluent with my thoughts. I want to give complex opinions on complex topics. I think the only way to do that is to keep reading and keep writing. I'm well-off with reading as I read almost (almost) on a daily basis (but I do read a lot). It's just that, when I talk, or write here in my journal, all I can think about is myself. I want to be able to talk about other stuff outside of me and form solid opinions backed up by sufficient evidence. I also can't absorb as much information as I want to because I forget what I read as soon as I finish reading them. I know I'm not a sponge but I want some things to at least be able to stick with me for some time. But anyways, this desire is probably just me being heavily insecure, and having plummeted self-esteem. I am probably well on the road to being who I want to be and I'm just judging myself (the current me) so hard that I'd think I'm super dumb. This mindset surely is holding me back from doing great things and being the best version of myself. Starting to think reading *Nathaniel Branden*'s ***The Six Pillars of Self-Esteem*** did me no good (because I didn't go through with the exercises and kept important points in mind, I just assumed I'll magically be self-confident after I read the entirety of the book). Maybe I’m just this dissatisfied with myself (feeling like I’m never gonna be enough) because I keep wanting things. I want to be fluent in Japanese. I want to be smarter. More eloquent. More articulate. More well-read. Make better art. Be more confident. Be financially stable. Be more independent. Cooler. Better. More attractive. Sure, those desires can give me a sense of what my goals could be, but letting it boil and simmer in my mind as negativity makes me hate myself because I am not the future me yet. I invalidate who I am today as if I am not working towards who I want to be, even though I am. I should cut myself some slack sometimes. I have to keep in mind that I am doing my best and I am working hard on achieving my goals, no matter how small of an action. 

I think the one thing I can seek solace from and has the ability to distract me from my self-hatred is music. I'm really madly passionately intensely in love with music. It's literally the love of my life. I won't trade it for anyone. I don't think I can love anything more than this.  This is the one thing that keeps me going. Also, my dream of going to (and living in) Japan. Ohhh boy, I want to go to Japan someday. Not today, because I'm still learning Japanese and saving up money to be able to live a carefree life there. I'll probably be there when I'm in my 30's or something because I'd have to save up for a decade. I'm aiming for more than a million yen. So yeah, those are what's keeping me alive right now. I still feel like fucking dying, almost every day, but when I think about music and Japan (and fucking coffee), I get comforted that I still have things to live for. And a bunch of other stuff too (mostly my hobbies and interests), all those little things adding up, makes me get excited to live all my tomorrows. I can literally talk about this all day and never get exhausted, that's how much I love them.