status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I woke up at 10 in the morning (later than intended) but I adjusted my schedule, cut an hour of studying time, and managed to do everything on my to-do list. First, I researched about *haka*, typed down tarot card meanings, finished all JavaScript loops and array exercises from The Odin Project JavaScript Fundamentals Part 4, finished one unit test from the Khan Academy 8th grade course, started high school physics in Khan Academy, but ended up answering Anki flashcards for biology. Somewhere in between, my mom ordered me and my sister to buy our lunch and our dog's food. We bought shawarma rice for the three of us siblings, and fried chicken for our dog. It took me over an hour to finish doing those. I also ended my study session early because my brother needed the laptop already at 8 PM. Not like I'm totally focused on studying though, I let him use it. I'm thinking of finishing the review for biology Anki flashcards by the end of 2023 so I'm gonna take it a bit easy. Besides, I have to keep remembering that my goal is primarily to have fun learning. Achieving something such as acing an entrance exam is just a product of learning and working hard. 

I decided to stop reading romance fanfictions. I think it gives me a misguided sense of what it's like being in a relationship and falling in love. It makes me idealize it too much. It's making me yearn for something that probably isn't the case in reality. 

I'm excited for 2024. I haven't thought of or written down what I want to achieve next year. I'm thinking about finishing my animation about limerence, finally starting college, having a consistent workout, less time spent on social media, a stable skin care routine, mindful consumption of media, and others that are stored in the back of my mind that I still haven't really thought of. Some other principles (things to always keep in mind) would be to always be aware and be in the present moment, and appreciate each second of time that passes by.

It’s 10:22 PM. I stayed up past my bedtime (way past) just so I can eat mom’s fried chicken. I wasn't even hungry, I just wanted to eat. That’s gluttony. Now I don't think I’ll fall asleep until past midnight because my stomach is full and it takes a long time for me to fall asleep.