status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Boy, do I got a story for you. So, just a random bored move, I checked my Instagram story views on *monoquin*. I saw that Renson viewed my story AND he suddenly has his account public. So, of course, I got ultra curious. I might find juicy stuff to confirm my suspicions. And there it was, boy has a girlfriend. And they're showy. Just after I stalked his account, he went private. In an impulse, I followed his account, he accepted the follow request. Then, he posted on his story in his *soularcana* account in Close Friends: it was the post involving his current girlfriend. In another impulse, I replied to the story “*snaol pi*” then that was the start to our long conversation. He admitted he was having relationship problems, and the girlfriend was telling them to break up. Turns out, the girl has a lot of issues, inside and outside. He told me she secretly met up with her ex because she needed support for her and her ex’s dog who is sick. She felt so guilty about it that she was afraid she was hurting Renson so she wanted to cut him off. Renson also told me her ex was a douche. If you're gonna ask me it's either she really has some deep issues that she needs to address or that she cheated. The girl has a habit of cutting off people and ghosting, kinda like my ex. I told him they should take some time off and cool down because she might have said that in the heat of the moment, and that he shouldn't just agree to the breakup. It really reminded me of my ex, I told him, so he got curious. Then the dam broke. Well, not really. I just told him what happened with me and my ex’s breakup. Then I told him he knew who my ex is. He was shocked. He admitted he had a huge crush on CJ. I also told him who confessed first and how we got together. And that during the time she invited him to go watch a movie with us in May last year, that was the time I realized I haven't moved on from her yet so I cut her off and my internet friends. The feeling was surreal. I am talking to Renson himself. From the person who was involved with all these guilty feelings I’ve been feeling. The person I’ve been having nightmares about along with my ex. The person who I was jealous of FOR ABSOLUTELY NO RATIONAL REASON. It felt like the world lifted a huge weight from my heart but it also felt like a cold splash of water to my face. I’m so stupid. I have been so stupid. I realized I’ve only just been so delusional and that made me cut off my internet friends. All those times I thought there was something going on with him and CJ, Renson had a relationship. Like, all of this couldn’t’ve happened if only I didn't assume shit and just ASKED. Like literally I could've just replied to that story and asked “*hala magkasama kayoooo :O*” but noooooo, I had to get jealous and feel like the whole world crashed down on me and then cut them off forever. Stupidest reaction ever. Class A moron. What the fuck was I thinking? All I can do now is laugh. What an idiot. It also made me think, if that was the reason I cut them off, then it would be okay to come back, right? But not yet, I haven't totally moved on from my limerent feelings over CJ yet. I haven't resolved my insecurities regarding my height yet. But seriously though, I was so relieved of all the weight. I told Renson he should update me what happens after he goes to his girlfriend’s house and talked about their problems. I think this is the start of a good friendship. I’ve learned a ton from this. It’s that I shouldn't let my feelings take over me and make the decisions. I need to take some time off to think first about serious situations before taking any action. I think, I’ll slowly warm up to the idea of going back and owning up to my mistakes. It’ll take time, surely, but I’ll take my time. It’ll also take some balls. Subtly I’ll interact with my former internet friends. I’ll greet them a happy birthday on Instagram on their birthdays this year. God, I can breathe. Thank fucking god. Lord, I am not your strongest soldier but I will try to be. I’ll be better. I’ll become better and I will hope to come back. This time, I won't run away. This time, it's gonna be different.