status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]]

I got up at 4 in the morning to prepare to go out. I didn't take a bath nor washed my face. I figured I'd do it once I got home late in the morning. I tried to force myself to defecate because I didn't want to feel the need to shit while I'm there. But nothing came out, so I changed my clothes, packed my things, grabbed a large roll of toilet paper, then went out. My outfit is the usual: band shirt, red shorts, black belt with a chain, some black bracelets, silver rings, and silver necklaces. Before I rode a jeep, I bought two onigiris and one bottled iced tea from 7/11. The staff there accidentally let a broom handle fall on my face, and I let out an "ah", he was really sorry. I rode the jeep to Crossing, glad that it went straight to where I needed to be instead of stopping at another destination, rode a tricycle, then entered NCMH. The form you have to fill up at the entrance is new. It was strange that there weren't any people at the usual waiting area. I was about to go straight to the main hall but I saw a lengthy line beside the small shed where, I think, they'd have to check the vital signs and temperature of each person. I waited for more than an hour on that line. The people behind me were one 58-year-old mother and one nuisance 27-year-old daughter. It was really annoying because she kept cussing for no reason, complaining she's hungry and impatient, and is disrespectful to her mother, while the mother tries to shut her up. I almost asked them if they wanted to just go ahead in front of me in the line because I didn't like the fact that that woman is behind me and brushing on my bag. Instead, I put my bag in front of me and just increased the volume of the music I'm listening to (*Fishmans*' 2-hour long album ***98.12.28 男達の別れ(Live)***). After they took the measurements of my vital signs, I immediately went straight to the main hall line so that I won't have to be in front of those two people again. I kept hoping other people would come behind me, and they did. Later, I heard the annoying voice of that woman again, complaining. But this time, there were about 4 to 5 people in between us, which was great. The line towards the main hall was quicker than the one at the entrance. But then the line for getting queue numbers was so long and slow, it took almost an hour before I got to window 3. Window 3 was really quick though and now I'm here at the waiting area, waiting for my number to be called so I can go to another waiting area again (the last one) before getting my meds. The entire time I kept contemplating when's the best opportunity to eat my onigiris—maybe now? It's probably gonna take a long time waiting here. My number is 43, that's like almost four dozen. You know, I'm kind of glad I'm only bipolar. Not like I'm downplaying the illness, it's just that I see other patients here and they're just so mentally impaired that they need assistance all the time. Some don't, but they still garner attention everywhere they go. I'm just glad I'm not like that. I still have some self-awareness left in me, albeit not perfect. The consultation place is new. We didn't wait at the large old tree anymore. The new place is air-conditioned well. It's more spacious, too. My session was really quick, the psychiatrist was nice. She told me to come back 6 months later. I exited the building then went straight to Malasakit Center. I fumbled with the documents but I managed to immediately submit my documents. Now I'm waiting to get called. I still haven't eaten my tuna mayo onigiri. I got my meds, it was fairly quick. I couldn't find the mother and son whose the owner of this pink umbrella. Oh well. I stopped by at Uncle John's to eat my tuna mayo onigiri. I also bought a Caramel Latte, *The Smashing Pumpkins*' ***1979*** playing in my earbuds. Then, a beggar came up to my seat and asked for money. I gave him ₱15 and nodded (for some reason). I finished my onigiri and coffee while *Fifth Harmony*'s version of ***All I Want For Christmas Is You*** plays on the convenience store radio. I'm ready to go home. I'm waiting inside a jeep right now. I realized I'm doing a lot of waiting today. With things like this, health care service in my case, I'm terribly patient. I could wait for hours. Maybe it's because I know I'll have my turn sooner or later. It's the certainty that keeps me going. However, with people's behaviors, I don't think I'm that patient. I'd get easily annoyed. Remember earlier this morning when there was a loud woman behind me? Yeah, no, I can't deal with that. I just got back from my jeepney ride home. While on the ride, I took my time to appreciate small details and think of thoughts. There were a lot of them. Not like I can remember most of it this instant, but I sure enjoyed living in the present during the ride and walk home. I took a bath and used kojic-gluta soap since it's Friday. My two brothers kept knocking on the door while I was taking a bath, almost as if they're taking turns to annoy me—but it takes a lot to annoy me. Although what's annoying is my acne-ridden cheeks. My favorite part of the day lately is probably when I do my skin care routine because I can't wait to get rid of this terrible terrible skin. It might take months of careful process to fully have a clear skin. So far, the AQUA moisturizer feels rejuvenating, especially since it's water-based. It's not harsh on the skin. I can clearly tell that my skin is moisturized—it stays moisturized for hours. Anyway, I have an hour left before I start studying Japanese. The day seems slow. I don't feel like drawing (but I have to). I also need to fold my clothes later, maybe while I'm watching anime. My sister and I watched a zombie film made on 2020 called ***# Alive***. I wanted to watch either ***Final Destination 5*** or ***Saw X*** but my sister didn't want to. We asked for money from our dad so we could buy chips. Then we watched the film while eating chips. I also ate fried chicken and drank sweet tea. Afterwards, I folded my clothes while talking to my sister while listening to my playlist. I told my mom what I always thought about: the fact that we're getting older and sooner or later my cousins, siblings, and I will be the ones to prepare for occasions. I don't know how soon that will be, and I don't think I can imagine it happening, but it will inevitably happen. I'm waiting for my sister to come out of the bathroom so I can take a dump before doing my core calisthenics. I feel a bit sleepy. I mentioned to my sister that I always see my ex's face everywhere I go. It's not that I'm actively searching for her, nor do I strongly believe we'll cross paths, but it's more of being afraid to encounter her and not knowing what to do or say. I don't really want that to happen. I don't want to meet her ever. I hope the Universe respects that decision. My mom is planning to make me cook Chicken Cordon Bleu because she said I knew how to do it since I helped her last time. I'm reluctant since it'll take my time, which I'm planning to use to watch anime. But now that I think about it, why shouldn't I cook? Why don't I treat cooking the same as learning any other skill? If I am determined to learn a language, do programming, be good at math and science, create art, then who says cooking can't be something I can be good at? It might even be beneficial in the future. People will learn to trust me more: to be able to prepare food and to not poison them. Instead of turning down my mom and possibly disappointing her (which will guilt me a tad bit), why don't I just enjoy this opportunity and treat it as something I can learn something from? Besides, one of my new 2024 principles is to appreciate each second of time. Who says I can't start now? Anyways, so that's what I did. In the middle of watching anime, I cooked 9 Chicken Cordon Bleu, all on my own. Mom and my sister left to buy rice. It went fine. Mom said I've matured. Maybe that's true. I couldn't wait for the rice so I already ate my 2 pieces of Chicken Cordon Bleu. That'll keep me full, at least, until I've already fallen asleep. My dad noticed the acne on my cheeks. I told him it's because of sleep deprivation. Partly true. I don't feel like watching any more anime so I'll just watch ***Mr. Pickles***. I watched ***Mr. Pickles***, I also already did my night skin care routine. It's a good day. Also, I decided on continuing to use kojic-gluta along with the new moisturizer. I have a hunch it’ll work.