status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[prompts]] [[yea]]

I woke up early and immediately listened to music. I also borrowed the laptop earlier than expected. But I was so sleepy that I gave in and went to catch a few more z's. I set my alarm for an hour later and took a nap. Well, the nap became a slumber, I slept for almost 5 hours. I went back to listen to music and organize my RYM list. I was contemplating on whether I'll study or not—I ended up studying but just to finish one unit. I spent all my time just listening to music and organizing the albums in my list. Was it a waste of time? I'm trying  not to think it is. I'm going to be super busy tomorrow, it seems. 

When I look at an elderly person's hand, I can only imagine the wear and tear it has gone through. How many cells have died and been born in that limb? What kind of fingers did it hold? How many letters has it written? How many tears has it wiped? Has it ever killed a person? How much blood was smeared on each finger pad? Did it ever catch a butterfly? The spaces between the lone fingers signify the amount of time they spent wondering if their life will ever amount to anything. The bulging of the veins at the back of the hand tell us how much burden of guilt they were carrying the whole time. All the grief, regrets, suffering, doubts, pain, dreams, wonders, anxieties—altogether create the creases of each fingerprint. So, whenever I see an old person, someone who's well in their late 70's or 80's, I always find myself looking at their hands. I think it's a good indicative of how lived their lives were.