status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Just several more hours and I'll be taking my online initial interview at CyberBacker. Yesterday I dedicated my time to practicing some interview questions and brushing up my knowledge in accounting back in Grade 11. I kept telling myself I'm not nervous but last night I couldn't sleep because I kept thinking of perfecting the interview. Also, the half-mug coffee I drank in one go before going to bed probably played a huge role. But yeah, I don't feel nervous or anxious actually. I don't know if it's dissociation or if I'm actually confident with how it will go. Anyways, I woke up at 4 PM today and studied Japanese. I didn't dedicate the rest of my time to reviewing my notes because I didn't want to overprepare. Preparing can be kind of like counterintuitive at times. When you do it too much, you'll get the notion that you have to say the script (what you wrote) word for word. And if you forget even just a phrase from the script, you'll forget everything else, as well as the main idea. So that's dangerous. I would rather just wing it. Sure I did some research but just giving it a glance or spending 15 minutes with it is just fine, then you can go about your day like normal. I also don't want to treat this interview as this big thing that can determine life and death. It's just a conversation. The sooner I realize that, the more I'll be relaxed and comfortable with talking to my interviewers. I almost didn't read my book later tonight because my mind was too preoccupied by the fact that I'll be taking an interview. But I ended up reading and finishing the book, which is a great feeling. I don't think I'll be sleeping before the interview though because I woke up late today. I'll probably just watch a movie or listen to music or something. An hour before the interview I'll take a couple of sips of coffee so I can be energized and more alert, nothing more than that though because I know I'll get the jitters.