status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[prompts]]

Welp, there goes my motivation. Well, not really, I'm still motivated, it's just that I tripped up a little bit. I went to sleep again in the morning after I woke up, then I woke up at 4 PM. I still managed to study though, but I couldn't do calisthenics and my laundry. At night, I did an in-depth reading again but I feel like I'm not getting anything from what I'm reading. So I went and picked up a book called ***How to Read a Book*** hoping it'll help me. Tomorrow will be different (I'm not gonna sleep). And if not, next week will be different. 

I don't have a strong hatred towards any disease know to humankind. Hate is a strong word and I feel like that feeling is entirely subjective, depending if they're at the scope of the disease's influence. For example, if your loved one has cancer, of course you'd hate cancer because it's affecting someone you love and in turn, it affects you. I don't hate any disease particularly because other than my family doesn't really have any debilitating diseases, I don't love anyone as much to be too concerned about it—what more if it's a stranger. But anyways, Alzheimer's is a tough thing to have. I'm thinking of *The Caretaker*'s 6-part album collection ***Everywhere at the End of Time***. I wasn't viscerally affected by the album but I knew I was moved, I kept seeking that piece of art. I haven't really experienced Alzheimer's but listening to *Leyland Kirby*'s work makes me feel like I do know how much suffering it can give—but not to be too insensitive about it. I'm just saying I can sympathize. But I know I can only imagine the pain of the experience, as well as by those surrounding the patient.