status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] [[introspection]]

I dreamt of CJ having a public Twitter account with 23 followers. She always tweets about how she regrets breaking up with me and how she wants to get back together. She also tweeted about having a Spotify playlist dedicated to me. The Spotify playlist has small notes on each track where she detailed what that song meant to her and what she feels about me. I don't know how I found the Twitter account but I looked at all her tweets. I tried to show a tweet to my sister but she accidentally liked the tweet using my account @*Appakuma1* so I panicked and deactivated my Twitter account. But that took too long and when I checked CJ's Twitter account, she already changed her username, display name, and had her Twitter account private. I dreamt of that dream because I'm still not over my limerent feelings towards her. It's yet to go away but that's okay. 

Anyways, I woke up really late today, 3 PM sharp. I ate my lunch, took my meds, didn't wash my face, and waited for my Shopee delivery while watching VTubers. I got my package, which was 50 pieces of black masks. Now I'm planning to read books while listening to my playlist. I counted the black masks and it's only 44. Oh well, I bought it at such a cheap price so that's to be expected. It's still gonna last me months anyway. 

It's raining. When you really do it, living in the moment can get pretty overwhelming. Or that's just me being overly sentimental. I stood in front of my window as the rain was pouring, *Karkwa*'s ***Combien*** playing in my earbuds. I saw a white butterfly struggling to find shelter. I had the urge to open my window to let it inside my room, but I didn't. I just stood there, watching it as it flies away. The air was cold. I felt peace but also harboring feelings of blue. I made myself coffee even though it's way past noon. I felt like staying up all night today until tomorrow. 

I think it's better that I lived life in poverty, not always getting what I want at the very instant I want it. Other than it taught me how to appreciate things more, if I had the money, I probably would dabble on various different things, never having to really focus on one thing for a long time. My life would be very different. I wouldn't be this resourceful and passionate, I guess. If I did have the money, I would have completely different interests and hobbies. I wouldn't focus on studying, I would've probably bought musical instruments and joined a band. I wouldn't spend my time perfecting my craft, instead I'd be hanging out with people almost all the time and not cooped up in my house like this. Would I have been happier? Probably. Me being happy is inevitable. If I do things I love, I'd be content, with money or not. It's just that I think my life wouldn't be the way it is right now if I grew up in a rich family.