status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Sorry, I haven’t been writing. I don’t know what’s gotten into me (just kidding, I do know). I haven’t been drinking my antidepressants consistently so I’m pretty fucking depressed right now. I couldn’t do shit, everything’s such a fucking drag—yada yada. Instead of studying, I’m just gonna do whatever because I can’t really focus properly.

##### Journal entry for the 23rd:

I cried a little after midnight. I don’t know why but I just cried. I couldn’t continue crying though because my sister was awake beside me. I just feel so lonely and miserable. I even typed out a paragraph about how lonely I am and posted it on the r/lonely subreddit but of course, nobody really gives a shit. I deleted it in the morning. Memories are so unreliable, isn’t it? I’ve always been afraid of being caught lying because I’d said something I probably made up because I thought it really happened to me. That’s a really scary thought. It’s better to just not speak or be associated with anyone so you don’t make fuck-ups like that. I also dreamt of being friends with @*svenblue* on Instagram and his clique. The only person who wasn’t a fashionista like them was me. They still accepted me though and they seem to actually want me around. I’m just dreaming that because I want to have a group of friends as cool as them. I don’t really like the current one I have… I also dreamt of going to a convenience store to buy mint cigarettes. My sister was with me and we were on an errand. The convenience store didn’t have them so I ended up buying normal cigarettes (Camel, I think). I smoked it while walking back to where our mom was, but it didn’t taste good. I extinguished the stick before reaching our mom, hoping I don’t smell of smoke.

##### Journal entry for the 24th:

I finished writing the small notes for my RYM list based on my “the ultimate playlist of my life” playlist. I literally spent like more than 12 hours just listening to songs and writing short anecdotes. It made me yearn a lot more because I also had to reminisce certain emotions and moments. I didn’t want to do anything today. I’m too depressed to do shit. I read yuri fanfictions and *doujinshis* during these times. I keep trying to find a hit of instant gratification. I want to kill myself (or smoke, if that’s not possible). I’m also not feeling too great. I feel a bit dizzy. I have a sore throat (only on the right side). The sides of my cheek are kind of bleeding too since my right throat is swollen so my teeth scrapes those sides. Sometimes I also find it hard to breathe. God, if this is fucking throat cancer…