status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[relationship]] [[limerence]]

I have a lot I want to say to you, journal. Let's start from the 24th. My family and I were celebrating Cheesecake's birthday, but I slept for most of the day and the foods were already cooked: macaroni salad and mango-graham cake. So I was just bored and listening to music the whole Christmas Eve. It was pretty chill though, and I actually liked doing just nothing, for once. 

On to the 25th. I didn't sleep. I just listened to some playlists, up until we got ready to go to Marikina. The commute ride was a bit harsh. Ate Tina was with us though so Cheesecake was taken care of. When we arrived at Marikina, we were greeted by Chloe's dogs; Mucho and Alvan. They were really friendly. There was nothing to do but wait for the food so I chatted the GC and killed time. CJ and I decided to meet up at 26th. So I asked my family how to get to SM North, so they gave me detailed explanations. The only problem was that I didn't have money yet. But then, so, we ate. I wasn't feeling particularly hungry so I ate just a little bit. Afterwards, we went upstairs, my cousins, siblings, and I, and watched the final episodes of ***Attack On Titan***. It was still good. We watched until we had to go downstairs to get money from our aunts and uncles. Somewhere in the middle, my siblings and I fought over our shares, so tita Gie just gave us additional money, which was great. I got 1,400 in total. I wasn't satisfied so I planned on asking for more money from my dad. My aunt gave me three pairs of shoes. We went back upstairs to watch ***Jujutsu Kaisen*** this time. I got bored so I just waited downstairs. Oh yeah, my younger brother and I were supposed to do a Tik Tok dance: ***Because of You*** by *Ne-Yo* but my brother couldn't follow the steps so we gave up. Eventually, we got around to deciding to go home. We couldn't book a Grab car at our aunt's house so our uncle drove us to an Ayala Mall nearby so we can book one. First, it was my older brother, his girlfriend, and I. We booked a Grab and made the driver wait until my younger brother, younger sister, and mother comes. The ride was quite long surprisingly even though there aren't any traffic but we got home safe and sound. I listened to some music too. I almost couldn't sleep because that's what happens when I don't sleep for an entire day. But then, I just passed out. Tomorrow I'll meet CJ.

26th, I woke up on time. I got ready for the meet-up. I put on my best outfit to date. I got a 1,000-bill from my dad. I was supposed to go next door to get change for it so I can get 500 but the neighbor didn't have change. So I just asked for the 1,000-bill and told my dad I'll return the change (which I was secretly plotting to)—he agreed. I got out, went to the store to get my phone some load. When I was already at the jeep, I realized I forgot the drawing I made for CJ. But oh well, I'm not gonna go through the trouble of going back for it, I was already near Kapasigan. When I got to the MRT station, I was surprised how easy it was. No trouble at all. I got in, got out at North Avenue Station, went straight to Trinoma, then waited for CJ. She arrived just shortly after. She immediately checked our heights. She probably knew I was wearing something inside to increase my height, I didn't care either way (or at least I pretended not to). We went to SM North, just right across Trinoma. We ate at Burger King. There, I removed my mask while she was at the restroom. We ordered food, I wasn't really hungry but well, we ordered food because she was hungry. We chatted the GC to notify Louise we've met. We took photos at the table and at the restroom mirror (we left our belongings). Then we talked about Renson and how she really dislikes him because he had an obsessive phase with her. I told her he knows about me and her because I told him. Anyways, the things is, I really thought I'd be too nervous to even look CJ straight in the eye and actually talk to her, but I was pleasantly surprised that that was not the case. I didn't feel nervous at all. I didn't feel my heart flutter, nor have butterflies in my stomach. I could do this after all. She showed me a Tik Tok video about Cloud 9 in Antipolo. She said "Let's go to Antipolo." I said, "Sure." So we went. We rode MRT to Cubao. Then an LRT to Antipolo. Not sure where but during the ride, there was one point where she couldn't reach the support handles so she just balanced herself during the train ride. When we got to Antipolo, we rode an E-Trike to Cloud 9. The ride was long, and the fee was expensive, but we still went. When we got there, it was like a hiking mountain. The surface was really steep, it was really hard to walk on my heeled shoes. When we got to the actual place, it was crowded. We just went to the free entrance view deck, and took photos and videos. We didn't want to go to the hanging bridge because we were both scared. So we just went back to where we came from to ride another E-Trike to a cafe. The driver suggested we go to Playlist Cafe near *Pinto* Art Museum. He was friendly, like a tour guide. The road to the Playlist cafe was rocky and the surroundings are filled with trees and greenery. We're like at a province. When we got to Playlist Cafe, we ordered food. She got fries and fish for appetizers, a pesto-tomato penne, and a strawberry shortcake drink. I got a large iced Caramel Macchiato. When we were eating, we talked about crushes. She said she has a work crush, and she feels that her crush likes her back because of their interactions and gifts and other stuff. I also told her I had a crush but she (Jiayi) has a boyfriend. I showed CJ Jiayi's Instagram profile. Anyway, CJ mentioned that she never actually "liked" anyone at all, just small crushes. So that meant I was just another small crush. I was a bit hurt by that but I couldn't afford to overreact at that information and I shouldn't care. We took more photos and videos (it was mostly her). She also likes to give me the middle finger. When going down the stairs of the Playlist Cafe, I tripped and almost fell down the stairs. It was embarrassing but I like to not dwell on it. We walked all the way to the gate past *Pinto* Art Museum. It was really hot, we were surrounded by trees, but we made it anyways. We were supposed to go there but it was really really crowded, so we decided not to. We rode a normal tricycle to Robinson's Antipolo. Then we rode another E-Trike to SM Masinag. We didn't sit next to each other this time since two ladies politely asked us to switch seats. At SM Masinag, we rode an LRT to Cubao. Then an MRT to North Avenue. The line was really really long for the tickets at Cubao. CJ waited while I bought my ticket. The two ladies in front and behind me were really friendly. Then we went back to Trinoma. One thing I noticed about CJ is that she really likes holding my arm, and sometimes punching me playfully. Anyways, we got lost quite a few times, I didn't know what was happening, I was just following her. She wanted to go to a karaoke at Timezone, I wanted to watch a movie. It was really really crowded so we did none of that and just sat outside where Christmas lights were on. I let her borrow my power bank and charging cord while we waited. We decided to get up and check SM North to see if there's a karaoke or if the cinemas are available. Again, we got lost, we did none of that, and just stayed at a milk tea place at a random place near the exit. There she ordered a Cheesecake Cacao and I got a Lemon Fizz Soda, I paid for both this time. There, we talked about her work crush again, and how she said she'll give it a week and if nothing happens, she'll move on. Which I found ridiculous because I couldn't understand her thought process. She didn't want anything to happen, and even if there did, she said she wouldn't know what to do anyways, so why wait for a week if she could do it now? Anyways, she also mentioned how she's never the one to admit her feelings first. Which is highly untrue, since she's the one who talked to me first on Twitter and told me she had a crush on me first. I even pulled out a receipt (from a conversation with Renson on Instagram). She was in disbelief and was really skeptical about it so I just nodded because I didn't want to push it, there's no point, it was over anyways. We talked some more, how she drinks a lot these days and she didn't really like her work, she plans on studying again. During this time, I was getting a bit shaky because I drank coffee and it was starting to get cold. We decided to leave and go home at 7 PM. She waited for me to book an Angkas ride before she climbs onto a bus. We almost couldn't see *kuya* but eventually we did. She recorded me going and saying bye to her. I wore a shower cap, a raincoat and a helmet before riding the motorcycle. I was originally just going to "Parklea" (I didn't know it was called that then) but *kuya* rider was trustworthy and it was really convenient that time, so I decided to just head straight to San Joaquin Ferry Station. I was holding both my phone and my coin purse the whole ride because I was afraid it will fall. The ride was 280 pesos in total (I used a part of my dad's money for that) and he was really friendly to me, he thought I was lost. I saw my dad saw me talking to the rider, I can tell he was drunk. I got home, my older brother, his wife, and their daughter (my niece) was there. I got three slices of pizza. Ate Tina was here, too. But they all got home before I even took a shower. I told my mom me and CJ went to Antipolo. And I told my younger sister something. Something big that I realized maybe the moment CJ and I were talking at the Playlist Cafe. **I actually did not really liked CJ that much (romantically)**. It's like, a fantasized image of her got shattered the moment I actually spent time with her. Okay, she's pretty, she's got a lot of suitors as evidence, which is also another reason, by the way, why I don't want to get with her again, since I don't want to increase her ego more and be another reason for that, as petty as it sounds haha. But yeah, she's pretty, but is she emotionally available? Does she really actually care about me and what I say? Is she really who and what I really want? Is she really the one for me, just because she's dressed in all pink earlier, holding my arm, punching me playfully, looking like princess bubblegum, my fantasized image of her? Or is she just someone who popped up in my life at a particularly lonely and miserable time of my life where I haven't really met that much of people and actually socialized with others? Is she just someone who's the most convenient to like at that time because I haven't really figured out my own self-worth and just wanted a girl to come save me from my misery? The more I spent time with CJ, the more I realized it's the last two questions. I talked to Renson about this and he told me he also felt the same way with CJ. Our delusions were shattered the moment we met CJ. That's exactly the key for solving the problem of a limerence. Sure, I had fun with CJ, I thought I was gonna have an "I was enchanted to meet you" type of aftertaste from all of this, but no. She's just like any other friend I have. We planned to meet again on Thursday but the more I think about it, the lesser I want to go because one, I don't have money anymore. And two, I don't feel too willing to go and sacrifice the last of my money just to go see a movie with her. I'm not that desperate. I'll pay her back someday with all the fares and food she treated me but that's in the future, with Louise. Anyways, I do need to get a job since Louise wants to meet us in the first months of 2024. There, I'm finally out of the enclosure of my mind and delusions. I'd never settle for someone like CJ if I have all the opportunity I can get for a potential romantic partner in the future. It's just not it.