status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[bipolar]] [[mixed episode]]

On Tuesday, I almost went completely insane. My mind was running haywire, my thoughts were rapid, I was incredibly agitated and irritated at everything, I wanted everyone to leave me the fuck alone. I was really close to exploding. I wanted to die so, so bad. I even made a playlist containing really upbeat songs to tune out (or accompany) my suicidal ideations. I was running on no sleep, 2 mugs of coffee, and one day without meds. Terrible terrible relapse. I told my mom and she said she’ll make sure I drink my meds. I drank my meds that night and then I slept like a log for 19 hours straight, plus 4 hours the next night—so 23 hours in total. For sure, I’ll be awake for another 24 hours, which is right now. First, I read 3 different books. Then, I breezed through HTML and CSS (except Flexbox) in The Odin Project. I’ve alternated learning programming, studying maths, Japanese, and listening to music—and eventually stayed on programming. I feel so pumped up as I accomplish exercises after exercises. I wanted the suffering of not knowing the solutions to the problem (although I’m only on the fairly easy parts). Anyways, I haven’t been doing my chores, like for a long time. I’ve been neglecting them, as well as my hygiene. I’m sorry I’m just not in the right state of mind to function properly. My entire family is walking on egg shells for some reason because a lot of the things have been going wrong like our house getting flooded and Cheesecake peeing on my parents’ beds. Nothing is going right, in a way, but I swear I’ll get out of this hole. Just give me time, I’ll rise up. I’ll muster up the strength to climb up from this pseudo-rock bottom.