status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[prompts]] [[religion]] 

I haven't slept yet. I deliberately didn't sleep. I wanted to accomplish stuff. Pardon me if I'm a bit wonky in forming sentences. I listened to my playlists around 12 midnight to 6 in the morning. After that, I watched two films: ***Hotel Monterey*** and ***All Night Long 2***. I'm surprised I really liked the sleazy Japanese gore film, that's a first. Anyways, my sister and I cleaned our room, and of course, with coke waiting for us on the dining table. Afterwards, we finally took a bath after almost a week of not showering. I've been in a depressive slump. I kinda still am, I still feel sluggish and numb, but I'm trying to get by. I still desire going outside and meeting people. I don't have much to say because I think everything has been said. No, wait, I haven't said enough. There's so much I want to address but I'm too sleepy to pick them out one by one. I'm just gonna choose from my endless list of writing prompts.

#### **WHAT DO YOU BELIEVE IN? DO YOU BELIEVE IN GOD, WHY OR WHY NOT? WHAT DO YOU THINK OF RELIGION?** 

— Earlier I was eating at the dining table without my phone. Just me, my food, and my thoughts. Except I can hear the doctrine my parents were listening to, I can't help but hear what they're saying. They were saying that a person who happily gives (to the church) is, I think, favored by God more. Hearing that out of context, like outside the religion, it felt kind of cult-ish. I had shivers. This is what people are signing up to? This type of manipulation? Anyways, as you all know, I'm an agnostic. Take it however you want but I haven't really grasped the word either even though I've read books about it. I don't necessarily devote myself into believing there is a higher power. There could be and there could be not, I have no way of surely knowing, and that lack of knowledge doesn't necessarily affect my life whatsoever. I mean, sometimes, I get existential crises but that's about it. Whoever this famous G.O.D. is and what he does, may or may not affect me, but I really don't give a shit. I will live however I want, I won't let faith dictate me. That being said, religions creep me the fuck out. It's like people just blindly believe anything and everything as long as it's in "the Bible" like what the fuck is up with that? If the bible says kill people in God's name, would they kill? I am betting they will, with no hesitation. That scares me a lot. It's like people become mere followers, without a mind of their own, in the face of religion. Sure, it gives a sense of community and integrity yada yada but have you seen how much of a socially acceptable cult religions are? It's so weird that I'm probably the only one in my vicinity who's thinking sensibly or is not brainwashed of some sorts. I might be going overboard with the name-calling but really, religion scares me. Not to mention the endless list of do's and don't's that you somehow have to memorize and live up to your grave. Nah, I won't exchange my freedom for those. I value my own. So, yeah, no, religion is a no-go. I respect it but get that shit away from me and stop shoving it up my face. I'm just really extremely thankful my family doesn't impose their beliefs on me and they let me do what I want (really it's all because they know how stubborn I can get) but yes, I'm thankful for that.