status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[friendship]] 

I can't sleep. All I'm thinking of are piercings, tattoos, and Lou. I want to get pierced in the future, pierced everywhere. Also tattoos everywhere. It would be funny if I look like that and people would find out that I don't smoke or do neither weed nor drugs and that I cry easily at emotional films. I want to live and do what I want, and I can't wait. I'm really excited to be an adult and be on my own. Not that I don't like it here, I do enjoy doing stuff I want like learning but I can't help but desire for something more, something outside of me, things I've never done before. I'm also thinkint about Lou. There isn't a day I didn't think of her. I thought about installing the Telegram app again and talking to her. I also thought about not talking to her and just ending our friendship like this. A huge part of me really wants to just let go. Maybe that's the part of me running away. I know all I'm doing is trying to ignore the situation. There's this intense feeling of having to figure my shit out, every last one of it, in less than a year, before I go to college. All my issues, resolved. I know I already told myself I have to figure out what was wrong with me before I actually work on improvements. So what is really wrong with me? 

Off the top of my head, the two major issues I can think of are my terribly low self-esteem (which leads to self-absorption) and cowardice. We all know about how I run away from basically everything and I don't own up to anything. But the thing that's ruining my life is my self-esteem. I seem to have a strong resolve, I can go through any tough situation, but is that me just ignoring the problem and thinking I'm perfectly fine? I keep saying I have to work on these issues before I interact with people and the world but what if I need to interact with people and the world to be able to overcome these? If I just keep doing what I'm doing, would I be fine? Am I doing fine, after all?

