status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[optimism]] 

I just want to write today. I don't have much to say. Last night, I talked to Renson. He told me about his relationship and what's been happening with him lately. I asked him how he and his girlfriend met and how they got together. In turn, I told him how me and CJ met and got together. I sent him our past conversations. I really do feel like we’ll be good friends. Anyways, telling him about my ex does make me nostalgic. Yes, it ignited my limerent feelings still and it got me excited, but it feels so distant now. Like it didn't happen to me. Renson kept asking me about our significant moments but I really don't remember anything at all. Other than it's been so long, my mind is unwilling to dig up those moments, like they're insignificant. Renson told me CJ graduated Magna Cum Laude (a high honor for academic achievers, probably second best). And wow.. that made me feel.. proud, I guess, even if unrightfully so. I knew she could achieve great things and even greater things and while it does make me feel small, it's making me strive to study harder and pursue my dreams. I may be delusional when I say I want to study harder to deserve her in the future, which is crazy. But that's what I have in mind right now and I’m admitting it. I still think about her being in my future. Somehow, I can't accept that we're not going to meet again. Because I feel like we will. Something tells me we will. Well, maybe that's just what I feel now, that might change sometime in the future. But I really want to be a better person. For her, for myself—mostly for myself. It should be for myself. I can achieve my dreams, I can be better. This, the me right now, is just a low-level Pokemon at the moment. I have the potential to evolve to something powerful, as long as I train hard. I shouldn't hate or sabotage myself just because I’m this. Not only, but am. I should own it, being me, and trust and fall in love with the process.

I took a shower last night even though it's rainy and a bit cold. I’m also drinking iced coffee, even though it's still raining. I want to keep talking here. I’m taking a few moments to just sit and breathe and think and listen to some Japanese music. Oh yeah, earlier I was thinking that, in a few years, I wouldn't be able to feel this yearning and longing for CJ. In a few years, instead of this being my problem, it’ll be something larger than myself, and more difficult to go through. Or I could be in the same situation but with a different person. The thing is, this shit doesn’t last. It has an end. Like everything else. I don't have to suffer forever. I was thinking I could romanticize my longing and feel it. Just feel. Not fight it, just taste the suffering it brings, and watch. Oh god, that made me emotional. I hit a nerve, but in a good way. I don’t have to fight it. I’m suffering because I’m fighting my feelings. I don't allow myself to grieve. I don't allow myself to feel because I think—well, thought—feeling this way is invalid and stupid. But I am allowed to grieve over a future I thought I was going to have. Not everything will go the way you want to. Heck, I could be unable to go to Japan in the future. I could have a severely debilitating disease and I could die next month. I could lose my hearing and never be able to listen to music again. The thing is, that's fucking okay! I will fail everyday. I will be unlucky everyday. The world goes on. A few will give a shit for a second, as it should be, but only for a second—and that’s fine. It doesn’t mean I shouldn't hope though. Hope keeps us alive. I hope for good days. I hope for better health. I hope to achieve my dreams. But I also have to understand that this hope can be crushed, and that's just life.