status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] 

I cried the whole time I was finishing reading *Stephen Chbosky*'s ***The Perks of Being a Wallflower***. I didn't know why I was crying, I just was. I kept on crying, well until past the very end of the book. I was also listening to my *on growing older and getting left behind* playlist. Maybe that contributed to the sadness I was feeling. I couldn't sleep at all so I decided to just stay up reading books. I thought about my cousin Chloe and how I kind of feel something when I think of her, the same way I would feel when I think of my elementary best friend Eljeane. In my defense, I probably just want a girlfriend as responsible, polite, and compassionate as my cousin, and also has a good relationship with her parents. Not sure if I could say the same with Eljeane though. My desires are weird. Maybe they're influenced by my dreams. 

I fell asleep after crying and reading and woke up at 12 noon. My sister and I helped my mom prepare 25 orders of carbonara. Originally my dad made the sauce but my mom redid it because it didn't taste like carbonara. We helped her pack and taste the sauce. We also ate the leftover carbonara. I continued reading while finishing the last of my iced coffee from earlier today before I slept. I finished another book. When my mom came home, she ordered me and my sister to buy rice and coffee. We went out, I wore my fake piercings. Afterwards, I kept reading. I finished *Haruki Murakami*'s **Norwegian Wood.** I didn't like it. I listened to 4 goregrind albums while reading. I fed our dog some fish. I opened my Dimensional app and found out there are a lot of new stuff like Core Self, Enneagram and Hogwarts house—I saved some of it to my gallery for future use, it's going to help with a lot of self-reflection. I also retook the Attachment Style test and I got Anxious Avoidant—which is true in my case at the moment. Spotify Wrapped came while I was just about to take a shower. Of course I posted it on my Instagram. I got *Radiohead* as my top artist. My top songs were to be expected; ***Sakura Nagashi*** by *Hikaru Utada*? Of course. I listened to 123,509 minutes of music. It's not enough. I plan on hitting 500k next year. Wish me luck. I won't sleep today.