status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[vacation]] 

Hello. A lot has happened. We went to Batangas last weekend, I just haven't found the right time to talk about it in detail. I've just been sleeping a lot. I don't feel like doing anything and I had a yearning dream again. But I'll try to tell you what happened. 

The night before the day we went to Batangas, I couldn't wait. I was so excited that me and my sister danced to K-pop songs for an hour. I was all sweaty and breathless. I took a shower afterwards, of course, and listened to music. We were supposed to go by 1:30 AM the next day. We went outside by quarter to 1:30 to meet with my cousin ate Kea at Mercury Drug Store. I almost forgot about my power bank. So, we went there, she's there, we bought some chips and drinks at Mercury. Then, we stayed at KFC for a bit while waiting for the van. Ate Kea and Tam bought some fries while waiting. I took a piss at the KFC restroom. I looked extra handsome. Anyways, we went outside because the van was near. When the van came, of course, I sat by the window. We were with our dog Cheesecake, too, I forgot to mention. She didn't make much of a fuss on the car ride. At first, I was really anxious that I'll become sick and throw up—my agoraphobia was acting up. I'm trying my best to counter the thoughts of me getting sick or having a panic attack. I listened to *Deftones* for the ride. Good thing my phone doesn't consume much power from my power bank. Tita Beth gave us Honey chips. I didn't want to drink my coffee yet because of my anxiety. We stopped for a while somewhere so we can wait for the other 2 cars. That's when my agoraphobia kinda winded down, thankfully. The ride to Batangas from there was smooth. I didn't feel nervous. All the while I was just staring outside the window, watching some lights pass by. It was pitch black outside. I figured we were at some kind of highway or a provincial road. My older brother got sick and asked for my plastic which I gave to him. We did a stopover once again at a gas station. We got off the van to greet Tita Udy, Andrew, and Tito Ariel from the other cars. They all told me I look like a Korean. Anyways, the sun was already up when we arrived at Kuya Oliver's. We got off the van.

So, we were at Kuya Oliver's. It was still morning yet it was already packed with tourists. There were a lot of stickers and ID pictures posted on one of the walls, we sat beside the wall. We had a little Q&A with my cousin Andrew. We each took a turn to ask him something. When it was my turn, I asked him what kind of adventures he went through, and he nervously asked, "Saan?" I didn't know either so there was a really long silence. It was bad because my aunt was filming everything. Anyways, we waited a long time for our food to arrive. It was only past 6 AM and the food is gonna be served past 7. When the food finally arrived, I didn't think it was that special. It was just bulalo, I think. And those meat cuts from papaitan. There was "*sebo*" if I don't eat it as fast as I could. My mouth felt weird. Morning came by, it became hectic. There were people walking here and there, dishes being served, food getting packed. I immediately wanted to go away. Thankfully, we didn't stay long. 

We got back to the van, we were now going to the resort. We kinda got lost on the way there. Everyone's gotten a little hotheaded during that time. But eventually we got to the resort earlier than planned. We immediately chose our rooms. My family got the biggest room (because there are six of us plus my brother's girlfriend) but my 2 cousins and 1 aunt also roomed with us. At noon, we sang and sang until our lung and throat hurt. My brother and I are the only ones mostly singing, my other cousins didn't want to sing. There were food getting prepared. I particularly liked the banana-chocolate chip muffins and some cherry juice. By afternoon, we went to the beach, finally. I didn't want to swim yet so I was just there sitting and observing my relatives swim. There were a lot of vendors coercing us to buy their stuff. One of them approached me and called me "sir" which was gender-affirming. My aunt bought me and my sister each a black coral bracelet for no reason so that was nice. I took some photos and videos, of course, so I have stuff to post on my Instagram, for the memories. I dipped my toes on the water for a little bit. But mostly I just watched their things. I went back a while later with my dad and uncle because I felt hungry. When we got back, my aunts and uncles were singing. I ate some sisig, barbecue, and drank some coffee. Afterwards, I went to sleep. The rooms were air-conditioned so it felt good to sleep and relax in the room. So I slept, woke up some hours later because they were playing games and having a raffle. I changed my clothes then went down. They were playing "guess the fruits". I joined. But I saw the list my aunt was holding so I cheated a little. I knew there was a fruit starting with the letter 'T' in there, I just had to guess. So I said "tangerine". At first, my aunt didn't hear me but my sister did so she told them I said tangerine so I got a prize. I had to pick blindly from the bags but when I got a "girl" gift, my mom asked my aunt if she had any that's for "boys". My aunt instead gave me a perfume, which was nice. I wanted the Apple earphones but my brother got it. Perfume is nice, too. We also had a raffle, I got some fancy earrings which I'll never use so I think I'll just give them to Kanola. Anyways, we got back to our rooms soon after. Cheesecake and my aunt's dog don't get along very well. They both get a little territorial. I read a book before sleeping but I immediately fell asleep. 

The next day, I woke up 8 in the morning. They were singing and bustling downstairs. We ate breakfast which was the standard pinoy breakfast: tocino, eggs, hotdogs, and stuff. But there was pasta, and I like pasta, so that's what I ate, plus the banana-chocolate chip muffins. I also ate those dried cricket larvae which I really liked so I asked mom if we can bring home some, she agreed. An hour or two later, we decided to go to the beach one last time and take a swim. This was my time to swim so of course I agreed. I got my swimsuit on (which I've been using for years). We rode a tricycle (which didn't work at first) to go to the beach, which was only a walking distance away. When we got there, we immediately dived into the water. It felt nice. My aunt didn't want us to go very far, she gets nervous when we go far, even though the water is very shallow even from afar. So we stayed near the shore. Tito Ariel lent us his snorkeling gear and goggles. I was the one who used it mostly, it's really really fun when you get the hang of it. I feel like an expert swimmer even though the water is only waist deep. My cousins turned me into a mermaid with all the sand on the shore. It was fun. We got back to the water and played a little something where we formed a circle and we take turns to float while we go merry-go-round. It was fun, too, it was the first time we heard Andrew laugh. Afterwards, we went back and took showers. The running water was so weak in our bathroom that I almost panicked when it didn't flow but I did shower. There was nothing else to do so I slept for a little while, because the air-conditioned room feels so nice. When I woke up, we were preparing to leave. My aunts already segregated the food. It was time to say goodbye. We got out and did a photoshoot outside before leaving. 

During the car ride home, it was quiet but it was something I was looking forward to. I really like long car rides. It was also time to eat my cheese balls and drink my coffee. I listened to my hyperpop/digicore playlist this time. My aunt, uncle, and cousin got lost on the way so we had to go without them. We stopped a bit at someplace to take a piss. My brother bought some sour-cream fries to eat on the road. We got back to the van and it was smooth-sailing from there. And just like that, we got off at San Joaquin. We waited for ate Kea's ride to come first before we went home. When we got home, we ate, we talked. I finished eating all those dried larvae and I posted my photos on Instagram. I couldn't do anything on my to-do list because I still felt that buzz I get from coming home from a vacation. It was a really nice weekend, especially when I've been waiting for this for a long time. I did appreciate the moment but I can't help but want to go back to it. I had a great time.

A few days later, I still couldn't do anything on my to-do list. I feel stuck, I couldn't do anything. I can't wait for the laser tag event me and my cousins planned, it's on July 8. I also let Renson follow my dump account, I don't know why. I also wanted his personal account to follow my dump account but that'll take time, I guess. Yes, I am letting him enter my life now, it doesn't matter anymore.