status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Okay, I have to keep a little notepad with me everywhere to write down my thoughts as I think about them because every time the day ends, I forget everything I have to say here. 

Right now, I just want to write. I don't feel like doing anything even though I am excited to do things. I feel so empty. I keep wanting for tomorrow to be different but it's taking too long. I want to be able to study. I want to just be okay. This depressive episode is utter shit, as well as the mixed episodes. It's keeping me from doing the things I want. I can feel myself actually going insane from all these mood swings. 

I didn't do much today, I haven't slept yet, too. I studied a little bit of Japanese at midnight (finished *Genki* Lesson 19), read some books, listened to my July playlist. Then, I watched a film, but I fell asleep in the middle of it. I woke up around 6 PM not knowing what to do with my life. I don't feel like studying. The hyperdrive I felt last Thursday was suddenly gone. I want to be manic. 

I can feel the abscess growing from inside my gums, around one of my teeth. I think that's partly what's been making me dizzy and lethargic. I'm probably going to actually die from a bacterial infection. I don't know why I'm not concerned at all, I haven't told my mom. I just want to wait it out until it gets so bad there'd be irreversible damage.

CJ posted on her Instagram earlier in the evening. She's still so goddamn pretty, and now she's graduated Magna Cum Laude, like I told you yesterday. I don't know what to feel. Well, not like I have complete control of my emotions either. My first reaction was sadness. Sad because I wasn't there to celebrate with her on her achievement. Then envy. Envy because I don't think I'll ever amount to anything as high as that. Then delusion and self-loathing. I'll never deserve someone like her (as if we'll ever get back together again or even talk). There was inspiration, too. Inspired to study harder and pursue my goals with a burning passion. And then, emptiness. There's just nothing, devoid of any feeling. I'm disconnected from her and my emotions, I experienced an emotional shut down. I shouldn't care this much but what can I do? That's what I feel at the moment, there's no point hiding or running away from it. I just... I wish her the best and I'm very proud of her, I guess.