status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[limerence]] [[self-improvement]]

I feel sleepy. I woke up early to get the laptop. I am sticking to my sleep routine. I listened to an album and my playlist. I studied JavaScript, with great difficulty. I studied math and science, taking course challenges and re-taking unit tests to refresh my knowledge. I found myself actually enjoying it. Then I re-read my journal entries from last year and this year. I’ve noticed how significant my changes in judgment and thinking actually were. I was going through some episodes for a little over a month respectively. 

The limerence is particularly strong today. Some thoughts: me and CJ are too far apart. Meaning there’s no way we can ever be together again because we’re too different. We live in completely different worlds. And I’m not good enough for her at all. Well, that might just be with the low self-esteem and me idealizing her. But yeah, she’s probably off having her first job right now and her own apartment while I haven’t started college yet, unemployed, failed friendships, and haven’t got my shit figured out. But still, a part of me still hopes for that possibility, that maybe we could work. This fuels my limerent feelings. I’m aware now that I feel this way whenever I feel depressed, stressed, or overwhelmed. I shouldn’t let it. I have to firmly FIRMLY believe that we won’t be together again. That’s the only way I can get over this obstacle. Making that animation motivates me to move on, in a way. Because I believe that when I finish it, I’ll be totally over her, at last. I’m trying not to demean myself for feeling this way again. I should instead validate my emotions. It is fine. I am limerent and getting over that is never easy, it might take years. Well, it has been years. A few more wouldn’t ruin me, would it? Right now, I’m really gonna try my best not to visit her Spotify profile.

I did a life-changing thing. I decided on something. I’m gonna quit smoking. I threw away what’s left of my cigarettes, still in the pack. It’s only been a month of smoking but I already decided to quit. I don’t really like the way it makes me feel after I smoke. It’s like my throat is clogged and grimy and I can’t breathe properly. Not to mention the dizziness and nausea. I also hate the anxiety of developing some type of serious debilitating disease. As well as the anxiety of being found out. So I’m quitting. Smoking never has any benefits. Only that it looks cool sometimes. But I’m not risking that. I guess I’ll only ever think of doing it when I’m self-sabotaging. ONLY when it gets really bad, like this October. Which brings me to the next thought. My mind is in a state of clarity right now, especially regarding my illness. I could see how much I change whenever in an episode. The overly negative and overly positive thinking are present. What’s annoying is that, during the episode, I’m largely unaware of it, like I’m an entirely different person each time. I guess the key to that is to doubt everything that I’m feeling and thinking. Of course, I’d stil have to reach some kind of conclusion, or else I’ll fall into the pit of losing my self-identity. Who do I want to be anyway? That’s a question for another time. Anyways, I don’t think I want to deliberately go out of control again, like skipping my meds, or not sleeping for an entire day. It’s not really worth it to feel like shit. To feel like wanting to die. To feel like I can’t think straight. I have shit to do. Really important shit to me. And I can’t sabotage that. I want to enjoy life, without the burden of this fucking illness. I don’t want to let myself succumb to it just to embody this picture of a tortured artist. It’s a good source of creative power but usually it’s not worth the suffering. It shouldn’t even be a source of creativity. It’s not essential, it’s just there because I needed an outlet for my emotions. So it’s not a necessity. I can see that now. At least, I’ll trust myself this time because I think I’m sober (not in an episode). I don’t need this illness to be able to make great art. Great art has always been inside me, with or without bipolar.