status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[limerence]] 

I think I might just intend to break my own heart by thinking I’ll never be good enough to be CJ’s girlfriend again. Yes, it kinda destroys my self-esteem and it lowers my ego but it’s a necessary risk to take, just so I can move past this brick wall. But, in a way, it’s a bit humbling, knowing someone like her, can never look at me as a potential romantic partner again. It reminds me I’m not the shit that I think I am. Though I’m aware I’m still viewing her as a perfect out-of-reach ideal person but it’s fine because it’s not like we’ll ever meet or talk again. Yes, I’m removing hope now, and I’m going through the stages of grief once again. I’m never going to talk to my internet friends again. There, I said it. It’s better this way. I’m not going to take that back. I’m still not going to block them on my Instagram and Spotify though, things will stay as it is (unless they’re the ones to unfollow). Everything’s in the past now and I can never turn back time and look back. It’s done. I’m done.

Kanola asked me if Jia messaged me (implying that I messaged her first). I told her no. I’ve thought about it and I see no point in messaging Jia. For what? She can just be her pretty self, posting her daily life on Instagram, while me, an online observer, just observes. I will admire her prettiness from afar, I will not make a move. Other than I’m not really desirable at the moment, there’s also the fact that I hate myself, and that I have no interest in her personality whatsoever, to try and know more about her. She’s literally just a placeholder for my limerence for CJ. Call it a.. uhm.. *limblock* (limerence-block). Not a very creative name, I know, but whatever. I’ll just pretend I’m limerent over her instead of CJ—she takes my mind off of her.

I’m really excited to study for really long hours for the next several months. I’m aware I’m at risk of burnout but I don’t mind, I will push through. My motivation? Knowing CJ graduated as Magna Cum Laude, haha. That reason’s probably just temporary but it really motivates me at the moment. I gotta think of a different source of motivation soon. I’m not yet used to studying for more than 6 hours because I stopped studying for months, I just restarted. I’ll try and gradually build my way up to 12 hours a day. I shouldn’t shower all my energy all at once. I should learn to harness it and lay it down gently, piece by piece, as I go along. I feel like I’m gonna be behind schedule as I can’t study on my phone (because the battery drains incredibly quickly and I’ve yet to have its battery replaced) and I can only use the laptop a few times every week. I have to make the most of my time. I’m really contemplating on planning my every second of every day but I’m aware that’ll just stress me the fuck out.

The electricity’s gonna be cut off around 12 NN to 2 PM. I’m literally just waiting for the black out. I can’t do anything else. It’s really gonna piss me off if it’s cut off before I finish this playlist.