status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I fell asleep while reading around 3 in the morning then I woke up past 9 AM. Plenty of time, pretty thankful. I immediately folded my clothes then my sister and I cleaned our room. Afterwards, we watched *Time To Twice* on her laptop. I studied Japanese for a little bit then did more than an hour of calisthenics. I'm kind of out of shape because I've skipped for like a week. I took a shower then tried to study Japanese but failed. So instead I had this conversation with Lou about asexuality, polyamory relationships, fanfiction and religious smut, how people can be shitty and why god isn't real, and if he is real then he's evil. Basically it's just her ranting about stuff (she admitted she drank coffee) and me nodding along to her rants, trying to keep up. Ever since we started talking again, all I can sense from her is boundless anger. I feel sad that all she has is that. But at least, even if her experiences in this world are shitty, she still chooses to be a good person, despite out of spite sometimes. She has very strong opinions on things and it's sometimes a little tricky and difficult to say things to her otherwise. At this point, she's a very reactive person and she might give little thought to trivial things because her vision is clouded with hatred for existence and humankind. I hope she learns from this. Wait, no, I KNOW she'll learn from this. She just has to grow up a little bit. 

So I've had this prompt for more than a week now probably. It's this: How do you feel about using humans in medical research? Only now do I feel like answering it because I've had this topic shoved on my face from the media I've been consuming. From *Haruki Murakami*'s ***Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World*** to *Viktor E. Frankl*'s ***Man's Search for Meaning***. I'm completely fine with using humans for research, AS LONG AS they consented to it. It's just like everything else. People will have to draw some line and set boundaries, so that researchers will know how far they can go. However, people shouldn't be used as guinea pigs forcibly. Even if it's for the benefit of the future, people are not merely humans or animals, they are PEOPLE. That's all I can say.