status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]]

Oh my fucking god, I did a lot today. I did everything on my to-do list (except for brushing my teeth in the morning) but holy hell I did it. I changed up my daily routine and did some time-blocking schedule with habits and goals on the side, because I wanted to try something new and hope I can actually get things done instead of having my time open-ended, without concrete goals for the day. Anyways, I didn't sleep last night, I just listened to my breakcore/speedcore playlist while reading ***Call Me By Your Name*** by *André Aciman*—not really a fitting mood, I know, but I needed that time to finish listening to my playlist. I continued these activities until 4 in the morning. I haven't showered for days and I can feel my hair getting all sticky and clumped together. Then, I started studying Japanese. Before I did though, I went and took a bath because I couldn't stand the feeling of being unclean. Anyways, back to Japanese. It was quite the challenge, I've been away for long that I forgot words and kanji writings, so I had to brush up my skills a bit and re-learn some vocabulary, kanji, plus some grammar points. Side note, I like the section of my Japanese playlist right now: it's exactly how I want Japan vlogs to be—quiet, laidback, chill, no dialogues—just like Daniel's. I really felt the excitement of wanting to live in Japan for a long time, I was really pumped to master the language. Afterwards, together with my sister, we cleaned our room (a general cleaning) plus I sweeped the house. I left the mopping for tomorrow because I was kinda tired. And then, I studied elementary maths. I'm still on 5th grade. I studied for almost 3 hours then I did Calisthenics plus cardio. Man, I can feel myself being out of shape but I really pushed past my limit. So far that I had to skip the ab workouts because I felt a sharp pain on the bottom left side of my abdomen. The cardio was not that intense but damn how it left me breathless. Instead of using my kojic-gluta soap again, I showered with some Japanese soap that my sister gave me. Then, I rewritten my tarot card notes because oil got spilled on my original notebook for tarot meanings. But it was mostly because I wanted the feeling of starting fresh and reviewing what I have forgotten with the determination that this time I'll be consistent. My schedule got a bit held up around 7 to 8 PM because I chatted with my sister, goofed around, had a therapy session, and checked out our old family photos and laughed—it was nice. Then, we (and by we, I meant my sister) cooked some cheese dogs for our dinner because we both didn't like fish for dinner. So, we ate, watched Youtube videos (not together). After that, I picked up a pen, contemplated, looked at my papers, contemplated, stood up, peed, looked at my art supplies lying around and my messy messy workspace, grabbed my thick journal and started scribble-drawing some faces from Pinterest. This is such a dilemma for me. I feel mostly creative if my workspace is chaotic and all over the place. But I can't really have that because our dog will eat anything she can put her nose into. So everytime I messed my workspace, I'd have to tidy it up so my dog won't eat anything. It really sucks. It's been so long since I've last drawn something. I'm still not yet where I want to be artistically. Anyways, so I drew in a quick, haphazard manner, then here I am, journaling my thoughts for the day. Not once did I mention CJ (yet) but now I did so let me tell you how, throughout the entire day, much I keep seeking that sugar rush high I get from her viewing my Instagram stories. I feel like a heroine addict not getting his daily fix of hard drugs that I am itching from the relapse that's about to arrive. I am sick in the head. I am just like Elio. Apricock. Also, I followed Renson’s personal account on my dump account. Whatever.