status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[self-destruct]] [[depression]] [[suicide]]

I almost killed myself earlier. I kept plotting in my head how I'm going to take all my prescription meds and drink them in one go. I wanted to die so bad at that moment that I can't convince myself to think otherwise. I was not thinking straight. Then I suddenly remembered: I still have a pack of Marlboro Red cigarettes hiding somewhere in my things. Instead of killing myself, why not just smoke? That's still equally as destructive but at least it's not instant—it can give me time to think. And so, I took my mom's matches, grabbed my cigarette pack, and my phone (to record myself smoking and post it on my Instagram story). I was shaking all over. I kept panicking about me getting found out, but I persisted. The cigarettes were very stale—they're over two years old after all. The light kept getting burned out. I wasted two cigarettes because they wouldn't light up. I almost gave up but on the third one, I actually managed to keep the fire going. I took one long hit, took my time and inhaled it into my lungs, then blew off a huge smoke cloud.. bam, I was satisfied. I've smoked for the first time in a long time. I managed to capture that moment on my front cam. Minutes later, I could feel the nicotine running through my system, I feel lightheaded. But, I also felt rewarded. I completely forgot about killing myself, at least for today. I think I'll continue smoking, maybe at least until I finish this whole pack that I have. Problem is how I'll hide it from my family. I'll probably just go outside every morning, disguising my smoking trips as me just taking a walk around the neighborhood. I'm hoping Renson, Jia, and CJ see my story of myself smoking. I don't know, maybe for them to know they should stay away from me as distant as possible. CJ especially. I want her to know that I'm way below her and that she should never associate herself with me anymore. ....What the fuck am I even trying to prove? What's the point if she sees? Why do I care? Why would she care? Why should I care if she cares? This is all so stupid.
  

Anyways, I want to distract myself from all these negative thoughts, I'm just gonna keep writing,
  
##### ***WHAT IS ONE THING THAT HAPPENED TODAY THAT I REALLY WANT TO REMEMBER 10 YEARS FROM NOW?***

— I guess one thing that I want to remember is how smoking made me forget that I was planning to kill myself. It might be a monumental thing for me, a start of something good, it literally saved my life. I think me and my cigarettes will be great friends.