status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I wasn't supposed to sleep today, or I was supposed to wake up at 5 if I did fall asleep so that I can use the laptop early, but I woke up at 8 AM. I did my research on *Ophanim*, typed down tarot card meanings, and stopped there. I didn't want to study so I just listened to my playlists while doing random shit like take quizzes on Uquiz and be chronically online. I drank iced coffee and later cold synthetic raspberry tea. I returned the laptop at 4 PM because I had nothing better to do. I suddenly felt like trying out new outfits. I took out all the clothes I think fit my recent style and formed combinations of outfits. There were like 10 in total. My sister helped me pick and learned how to tie a necktie. I was sweating all over and I wanted to drink water so much afterwards. I set the outfits aside for future use (when I go out). I want to try out more outfits in the future. I showed Kanola my fits. She gave me unsolicited advice. I told her I was fine with my choices and has tried out her other suggestions. I also showed IC my fits. She said the fits were so me. I didn't really get the reactions I was hoping to get (or like they were not enough) but it's okay. 

I've been thinking about the definition of "self" the entire day. One of the main reasons why I have such huge identity crisis is because I was torn between the western and eastern definitions of the self, as well as psychologically, philosophically, and spiritually. I asked for book suggestions about "self" from Discord, Reddit, and Goodreads but so far I haven't gotten any good resource. The rest of the day I researched about the road to self-actualization. There were a bunch of articles online and all I can see are kind of tips and tricks and some kind of quick fixes. But I still took what I can get. I wrote down some pointers and worked from there. Then I wrote down my own self-actualization plan. I'll probably work my way around it, tweak some things a bit, reorder and rearrange, but these pointers should be a good start. I'll be recording my journey in my journals. I'm really excited to be a better person, the best version of myself, an enlightened being.