status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Today was surprisingly significantly better. I don't know what changed but I woke up and did things. Well, at first, I really forced myself to just start. I set a really really small goal, which is to draw just one frame then I'm done. It ended up being a few frames, then I started studying Japanese for hours by making Anki flashcards while listening to music. It made me feel good because I really like studying Japanese. Then I revised my daily schedule and study routine. I allotted 8 hours for Japanese every single day. The most part is immersion (input). I'm really excited to try things out tomorrow. I feel like this will shoo away my depression for the mean time. I deactivated all my Instagram accounts yesterday. Not a moment later, Kanola unfollowed me on Spotify and Letterboxd. She probably thought I cut her off, given that she knows I have that tendency and also that I disappeared while in the middle of our conversation. I panicked (a bit) so I messaged her on RYM saying I'm still alive and that I apologize for suddenly vanishing in front of her, I didn't ghost her. She still haven't replied, or probably read, too, but I can see we're still mutuals on RYM so she probably haven't opened her account yet. Hopefully tomorrow I get a response. But I've been thinking about it—it probably wouldn't matter much if she decides to cut me off. I can live with it. It's just one less internet mutual. But it will also mean I won't be talking to people on a daily basis. Not like that's a problem, but it made me realize how completely alone I am right now. I still haven't figured out how to reconcile with Lou, so there's that. I'll probably come back to my Instagram accounts before my birthday, not like anyone will care, but I have to go online eventually because I need to keep on updating my archive account. I'll be gone for a week maybe. That would mean 7 song recommendations, 1 album recommendation, and 1 monthly album chart (for October). But anyways, being gone is proving to be a good decision though. I am able to focus more on what I'm supposed to do and not procrastinate hard. Also, I wouldn't have to keep annoying everyone by announcing how much I want to die every single day for attention.