status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[optimism]] 

Nothing much happened after my date with CJ. My younger sister and I went out to have our dog vaccinated. I went to Market Market with my sister and played at Timezone, she treated me. I did my laundry and met with my uncle who sexually abused me and I pretended to be friendly and polite. I talked to my sister about the things I noticed when I was with CJ, especially that one moment when we were waiting for the train to arrive and we're at the platform, she just kept staring and smiling at me while I asked her "what is it?". My sister and I are probably looking too much into it. It's exciting to entertain these thoughts but it certainly should have limits. I know now when it gets borderline delusional. I forgot what happened in the last days of December but I finished setting up my 2024 stuff, my journal also arrived and I decorated it. I didn't finish writing down the tarot card meanings but I'm so sick of doing it, but I have to. I also applied to a bunch of jobs on Indeed. I'll follow up on them tomorrow. Today, I fell asleep while reading my journal entries from 2023. I woke up and continued. My mom cooked chicken wings and embutido. We also had sushi and nachos. My younger sister invited her bestfriend since it's her birthday. I ate, but just a little. I'm really sick of food. I spent the rest of my day reading my journal entries and reflecting on them. 

Now, to talk about the past year. The first several months has been pretty miserable for me. I've been subjected to endless guilt and nightmares regarding my ex and my internet friends. Not only that, I was also having a profound disconnect with the people around me. I haven't been talking much with Lou or IC. Even so, I tried to focus on myself and my hobbies, honing my skills. I studied Japanese, programming, math and science, as well as keeping up with my other hobbies. Somewhere around last week of April, we moved houses. We got out of the apartment we were at for 4 years, we moved to a smaller apartment. We also had a dog called Cheesecake from my older brother's girlfriend's relatives. I met someone on RYM, she messaged me first and we hit it off. Her name's Kanola. Ever since then, we talked almost on a daily basis. We also met up 2 months after we met. She visitied the Philippines, her hometown, coming from Finland. We still talk until this day. Then, Renson and I grew closer. We talked about his girlfriend and my ex. I realized I really fucked up hard. One thing I noticed about my journal entries, especially the dream ones, everytime I get hit with irrationality about its meanings, I always fight back with rationality. It's not like I don't permit myself to feel emotions, but when I do, I don't succumb to it. I don't let it bring me down too much. I don't back down without a fight. This year, too, I got to change my phone battery, with my dad's money. Our dad's car broke down, too. Then I picked up smoking again. I smoked the rest of my stale pack but I quit just after a month and threw it away. I also learned to drop media I didn't enjoy. I drop albums, books, series, films, that I don't like, just to make way for those that I will evenually like. I had a fallin out with Lou. I fucked up pretty badly, so we cut off communications for like a month or three. I applied to a job, too, at CyberBacker, but I didn't go through with it because the interview was taking too long, longer than the set time. I realigned my priorities; I should study Japanese and art, instead of getting sidetracked with other interests. Up until December, my loneliness was too heavy and unbearable. I cried almost every night, and every chance I'm alone. I was completely miserable, I almost attempted suicide. But thankfully, I didn't. If I were to note one significance in my entries, it's that I never had a proper sleeping schedule. I kept trying to stay up really late but I eventually end up falling asleep until afternoon or evening. I should change that. I also kind of got over my fear of talking to people. I became active on Discord, I met people there, notably Aya and Arnon. I am sometimes on the VC, they were, too. I'll thank talking to Kanola for this. I became hyperaware of living in the moment, too. I felt like I wasn't appreciating each moment enough. I felt like the more I try to grasp the present, the faster it slips away. That got me incredibly sad. Sometime around December 16th, a stranger talked to me. They changed my life. In an instant, I changed my mind before it was all too late. I came back to my friends. To Louise, CJ, ate MJ, Lou, IC, and CHARARANT. I did something I was terribly afraid of; facing my nightmares and owning up to my mistakes. I stopped running away, and I chose my peace and happiness. I curbed my loneliness by deliberately connecting with others. When I did so, it's probably my proudest moment of the year, like everything fell right into place. I was happy, for the first time in a long time. And to conclude my year, I met up with CJ for the very first time. We spent an entire day together. And I realized something big, too. I wasn't infatuated with the idea of her anymore. I saw her for who she really is. I got sobered up. I think this marks the end of my limerence. I'm taking a deep breath now, and it's a breath I've always needed, for so long. It's a good end of the year, and a good start of the next year.  The year has been rough, but hopefully the next will be better. I know it will be better. I'm manifesting a job and starting college. I'm hoping for only the best, but I know I'll be okay, too, whatever life throws at me. I'm more confident with whatever's gonna happen and whoever I'll be. I'll be better, I'll work harder, but not too hard at the detriment of my health. I should know my limits and boundaries—other people's, too. I should know what triggers me and what tips me out of balance. I should know how to maintain my moods and keep them under control. I'm not going to purposely self-sabotage and deliberately go out of control anymore. I will drink less and smoke less. I won't make my routines and schedules too rigid. I will spend more time with the people who matter most to me. I'll learn how to love people, especially myself. I'll live. I'll be alive.