status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I purposefully didn't sleep today, again. I listened to 8 hours of pop music. I created a playlist filled with songs I like, in a desperate attempt to feel something. My eyes hurt from scrolling too much. I decided I’ll just go along for the rest of the year listening to each of my playlists and picking the songs I wanted to add there, taking my time. Afterwards, I decided to learn the tarot card meanings. I plan on memorizing the Major and Minor Arcana—starting with *The Fool*. It’s funny, I had ***FOOLS*** by *Troye Sivan* stuck on my head all day. Justin messaged me on Instagram, asking for a brief reading. I gave him a reading, and he was satisfied, I think. He offered to go out with me and Naomi sometime next week. I feel like I can be successful in this area and actually have a knack for it. I'm motivated to study more. I finished a book today: ***How to Be An Adult*** by *David Richo*. I didn't learn to be an adult in a technical manner. Instead, I learned how to heal my inner child, set boundaries, learn intimacy in relationships. It also told me in a very specific way how my past relationship went wrong and how it's no one’s fault. It offered me to grieve properly, using grief work, building self-esteem, addressing the root problem, and meditation. I proposed a job setting from my mother. I’d do the chores every single day—sweep, mop, wash dishes, cook rice, bathe Cheesecake, feed Cheesecake—and in return, she’ll pay me 300 every 15 days. I guess that’s an okay deal, we agreed on it. So now I have to be hardworking every single day, for me to be able to hang out with my friends or buy what I want. I also need to save up for meeting Kanola. And then, after chores, I did Calisthenics. I think I did 5 sets of 5 reps of push-ups (and more, of course). I couldn't give up unless my arms and wrists were sore. It was a good workout despite the heat coming from the window. I also decided today that, every day, I’ll post on my Instagram note: today is not the day, up until I’ve gotten over my limerent feelings over CJ and finally worked my way through my countless deep rooted issues. It kinda grounds me and gives me a sense of consistency or accountability. I don't really have much else to do now. Ever since I decided to do monthly goals instead of weekly goals starting on June, I found myself having too much free time to stare at the wall and blank out. It doesn't help that I’m a little bit depressed—empty and numb. I push myself to move, because if I don’t, I’m doomed to succumb to the pit of self-loathing and rumination. I have to do stuff, I just have to. Also, I will workout everyday as long as my mind drifts, for a little bit, towards my ex. Every time I think of her having a new boyfriend or a new love interest. Every time I imagine her having fun without me. I will grind the fuck up. I’m gonna get so fucking ripped, you won't believe it. Like holy shit, I’m really pumped to do this every day. The trick is I will inevitably think about her, so I have no choice but to workout—until it becomes an undying habit. I’m so excited with what life has in store for me, and what I am working towards—it's just that I’m depressed, chemically imbalanced, I can't help it, I just have to wait it out and keep taking my medication.