status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[relationship]] [[limerence]]

Why is everyone getting a girlfriend? Why is everyone being in a relationship?! This is crazy. It's like the universe is mocking me. Even though I know for a fact that if I did have a girlfriend right now... oohhh, I'd be so insecure and anxious and obsessive and a fucking mess. I'll probably just end up hurting the girl. Plus, I feel like before I get a girlfriend, I've gotta spend YEARS for me to warm up and be comfortable before I actually open up and consider a relationship. There's no going around it, I think that's just how I work. Which kinda sucks, because I mean, well, okay, I was gonna say I want a girlfriend because I'm lonely but I realized that's not a very good reason to want one. What does being in a relationship mean to me anyway? For me, a relationship is total sacrifice, surrender, a complete amalgamation of two souls, the most vulnerable part of being human exposed. I don't date to marry, I date to become one with the other. It's a shit state of affairs, really, because I know I'm setting myself up to stay girlfriend-less until I'm 70 or something. Am I doomed to stay single for the rest of my life? Because why do I hear boss music? Why do I have a strong ass feeling that that will be the case? I'm afraid, to be honest. I'm afraid that I'll never find the one. See, that's the very reason why I'll fail. Because I believe there is "the one". There is no "the one", people will come and go. What does "the one" even mean? Someone you'll be with until you die? That seems impossible, too idealistic. But yeah, I'm afraid I'll never experience what being in love is like. Sure, I'll learn how to love my friends and my family. But a romantic partner? That's almost out of the equation, teetering towards the edge of the circle, smirking at me, taunting me, mocking me. You know what, I don't know man, right now, I just want to live, do what I love. I'll feel envy when I see couples, yes. I'll feel lonely every second of every day, yes. But I'll be doing what I love. That's what matters, I guess. 

I'm reaaaally bored. And hypomanic. I stalked CJ's Spotify account and all her playlists. Nothing changed, it's all the same. I felt my heart skip a little. I kept opening and closing all my usual apps; Instagram, Reddit, Letterboxd, Goodreads, etc. I can't stop my impulses. I'm just listening to music right now while staring at myself in the mirror, feeling bad about my acne scars, fidgeting, drinking coffee, and thinking, a lot of pointless thinking. I posted gore art. Nobody liked it but I don't care, I feel free. Anyways, I was thinking about how great I am and literally no one is on my level. I've always been great, since I was a kid, I was always exceptional, special, interesting, eccentric, passionate—there's no denying that. The older I grow, the more refined I become. I even got the looks to match for it. Anyways, I feel like I'm going insane. My mind is so bored, a lot is going through it at once, but it can't do anything but do nothing. I kept changing my Instagram note. Lou updated her and said "cool" and I can't help but think it's about me and she's being passive aggressive towards me indirectly. I want to talk to someone but I don't have anyone. For sure, I'll just come across as annoying because I can't control myself when I speak. I will say literally anything, mostly about how great I am and how crazy I feel. I should be reminded that this is why it's better that I don't have anyone around me to witness this. 

I fell asleep around 10 AM and got woken up by my sister at 2 PM because we had to clean our room. So we did. We didn't talk the whole time, I played some TWICE's songs. Afterwards, I sweeped the floor of our apartment. I took a shower, wore good clothes, wore my fake piercings, and went out to buy sanitary pads at Super 8. It drizzled a little bit. I feel so gorgeous. I feel like a woman. I love being a woman. Anyway, I finished Mr. Pickles. I'm not that hypomanic anymore. I'll sleep early today maybe. Tomorrow will prove to be different.