status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[prompts]] [[self]] [[people-pleasing]] [[friendship]] 

I haven't written on my journal for 5 days. I don't know, it's not like I don't have the time for it, I clearly have the time to write before the day ends, I just deliberately skip it. Maybe because I wasn't feeling the prompt for the day? Anyways, I have been studying well. There was this one day that I didn't sleep and I studied for more than 5 hours; it was about Quadratics and solving equations from a parabola—it was really interesting and my brain was working. Earlier, I woke up late (6 PM) because yesterday I didn't sleep (because of the parabolas) and now I skipped some of what I had to do this day. I still studied (a little bit) although I didn't do the unit test for the transformations topic in high school geometry—might do it tomorrow. I practiced some new kanji characters and put them on Anki and Quizlet for future use. I also added 10 new English vocabulary words. Then I read a book on how to read a book. I've finished the analytical reading stages part of the book, I'm on how to read imaginative literature, which is gonna be interesting. I plan on not sleeping later for some obscure reason. Well, not really, I just don't think I'm gonna fall asleep anyways so might as well make the most of it. I dreamt of CJ today, and it was that kind of dream again. The dream where she's still in love with me and we got together again. Where we spent time together in real life and everyone, even our parents, knew about us. She even had new playlists in her Spotify profile, some about me, and some with new music she's listening to. I showed those playlists to my sister and we judged the content of the playlists together. I'm not gonna go into much detail about it as it's not really worth diving into, I'm so over yearning for her and for what could possibly be. Oh! By the way, a few days ago I followed my crush's (well, ex-crush..? I'll mention this later) current boyfriend on Instagram and he followed me back. He seems interested in the content I put out as he views my stories and has liked one of them. I can probably see why Jia likes him. He seems like a fun intelligent guy, based on what I saw in his Instagram stories earlier. He was explaining how the humid weather caused his PC to not turn on—and he seems like that type of guy who sometimes posts videos of himself ranting about a specific thing and being all science-y about it. I mean, what could I say, he's an engineering student like Jia. They both probably go into some nerdy talks most of the time as their quality time, I don't know. But I do know is that I want to be smart, too. Anyways, back to what I mentioned earlier. I think my days of having a crush on Jia is over, just like that. Well, apart from finding out she has a boyfriend, the reasons why I like her is just completely shallow. I liked her because she was pretty, has a good sense of fashion, a decent taste in music—but apart from that, I can't see anything notable for me to admire her still. I know it's because I don't know her or the type of person she really is but I'm not really too interested in finding out. I think I was just interested about her life and the content she puts out, that's it. So yeah I think I'll just continue monitoring her and her boyfriend's life on Instagram (and subtly judge them both) while keeping a respectful distance, as well. 

The journal prompt for today is to tell about an old friend I've lost touch with. And while I've already written about an old best friend with this same prompt before, I've thought of something more appropriate that I've thought about briefly a few hours ago while reading. The one old friend I've completely lost touch with is my past self—specifically the person I was during middle school to junior high school. That person used to be almost the one and only truest friend I could possibly have, who was there when I needed her the most, on the darkest days and the significantly brighter ones. And yet, as a different person speaking now, I'm largely disconnected with the person she was. It's like it's not the same person who experienced the same things. I don't identify with her at all. Maybe a part of me is rejecting that fact but it's only because the life I led back then was ultimately fueled by people-pleasing tendencies. And because of that, I didn't know who I really was, really. It made the road to knowing who I really was harder than it already is and it paved the way for intrinsic self-loathing. I was wearing this thick mask, obscuring everyone from seeing inside me, even myself. I was just pretending to be that overly pleasant person, who's friends with everyone, who’s there for everyone, and whom everyone likes instantly. That was my reputation. I used to love being that somebody everyone's acquainted with but looking back to it now, that was fucking pretentiously fake. Everyone's friends with someone who wasn't even real in the first place. They were friends with a shadow, a ghost, a hollow excuse of a person, an imitation of what an ideal person is supposed to be—she existed beautifully, in fact. But I just couldn't bring myself to love the fact that I did, because it was so wrong, it was not me. I despised the girl I was and I think I'm perfectly fine with leaving that past behind, erasing it from the records of my life. I'm aware it's selfish to rob the "friends" I had of ever having any contact with me ever again but I don't seem to care about it that much. I don't want them to be a part of my life—not because they were bad friends, but because I was. I can't bring myself to face them knowing the person they knew was never really there and they were only deceived. Maybe that’s cowardly on my part, but I’m willing to just turn my back from it and start anew. You could say I could only welcome a new life if I’ve accepted my past, but sometimes it doesn't have to be that way. The past is just that; the past. While it could be significant for the development of the person you are, it doesn't have to dictate it—so that's what I’m doing. I’ve accepted how much of a false idol I was back then and that built a foundation of self-hatred, I’m now going to face the present with an authentic genuine self—who may not be as likable and appealing, but at the very least, a real person this time.