status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

The general mood today is probably annoyance. I'm annoyed that I fell asleep again while reading a book and listening to music last night. I'm annoyed that I woke up at 5 in the afternoon. I didn't get to do calisthenics at all. I barely studied Japanese, too. I couldn't quite understand the text I was reading in Japanese, that's annoying. I didn't get to read a book because we ate dinner late, annoying. I even forgot if I sent Louise a birthday message on her *ngl* link or if it's just in my dream, annoying. I swear to the gods I won't sleep today because I'm so annoyed that I need to defy the laws of nature. At least I got to eat good food today and drink some tasty chocolate milk despite us having no money. Still, I'm annoyed. 

Being a "copy cat" means copying every single thing a person does, or just their characteristic. I remember this one time (or it happened twice because they're two different people) when my best friend in elementary would copy the things I like and think she's fucking original. She'd even copy my answers in tests and thought she was being sneaky. Because when I looked at her paper, I could read what I wrote word for word. There's also this one random girl who liked the boy who liked me, and she kinda wanted to be like me, too. I forgot what really happened but that's what I remember. The girls just wanted to be like me, just because the boys they like likes me. That's annoying. They were copy cats. Annoying. I hope they are their own persons now because if they're still copying people, they'll never reach a concrete personality they can hold onto—and I know how nightmarish that is.**