status: #adult 
tags: [[[journal]] [[introspection]]

Hello. It’s been a while. Life has turned downside-up for the past week. We’ve finally moved out of our old apartment (the one filled with bags of dog and cat food). Fucking finally, am I right? We can all breathe properly. My younger sister and I share a room. My younger brother and older brother share a room. But my parents sleep in the living room. It’s kind of a small house but it’s all we have right now. We’re not there yet. Cheesecake (our dog) and Mason (our cat) will be here on Sunday, I can’t wait! It’s Thursday so I have the laptop for myself. Thursdays are code-game-music days. By the way, today’s also my older brother’s birthday. I can’t really give him anything, I don’t have money, but I hope he enjoys his day. He’ll probably get home late. Also, I’d like to mention my dad’s car broke down and can’t be repaired anymore—so he doesn’t have a car anymore. WE don’t have a car anymore. Well, you win some, you lose some. I guess I can live with not having a car… even though it’s pretty inconvenient now that I was used to having one for a short while. Anyway, I’ve been really enjoying studying Japanese lately. I’m proud to say I’m getting quite good at it! I can write my to-do list in all three Japanese writing scripts. I sometimes still stumble on forming sentences but we’ll get there, I’ll trust the process. Really, I’m at my calmest and most peaceful right now. Everyone here is happy and content. I couldn’t ask for more. Except, I still suffer from frequent bouts of sadness and longing for my former internet friends and ex-girlfriend. I dream of having a relationship with someone all the time. The feeling of being wanted is ever present—I strongly desire and crave for love, romantic love. I haven’t fallen in love before, I don’t know what it feels like. All I really know is limerence and that’s not love, that’s obsession. I can’t be in a relationship right now as it’s extremely impractical considering I’m not at a very desirable point in my life—I’m not in college, I’m unemployed, I depend on my parents for my everyday needs—that’s not very attractive to a potential romantic partner, ain’t it? I should first have a steady career and social life, to be able to finally enjoy having a partner. I don’t have time and money for it. I very much still value my alone time at the moment. Maybe a little bit of flirting, I would like. But further than that—commitment—I cannot do. 

I’m currently listening to ***흰색 죽음 [White Death]*** by *아버지/father2006* and I figured now’s the best time to write on my journal (digital). There’s so much I want to do, and I am trying to fit them all in one week, to which I’m able to manage, but I feel like it’s still not enough! Like I’m not doing enough. Every week, I start with 100% hope and drive. I mean, I’m not complaining. I’m neither manic nor depressed. I have that natural passion to do things I love to do, enough creativity and determination to improve and create artworks. But I just keep saying in my mind: “まだ。” Not yet. I’m not where I want to be still, but I have to trust the process. I’m learning to trust the process. To embrace the hard parts—which is to do it every single day. I know I’ve made the decision to handle all my interests at once, and I’m gonna stick to that. I have to understand that progress will be slow and achieving my goals can range to a duration of a lifetime. So, all I really have is this moment. Enjoy every moment. Cherish every action, every good thing, every bad thing. This moment, this life, is all I have. Let myself feel things—all the hurt and sadness, all the joy and being. Embrace it all, no matter what. I am allowed to feel. I am allowed to exist. I am allowed to be here. And I will take up space because I deserve it. I deserve this.