status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I didn't go to sleep again, like the nunce I am. But I did a lot of things, mainly to catch up with what I missed yesterday for sleeping 19 fucking hours. I started the day by learning new Japanese vocabulary (and putting them on Anki—patience, patience). Then I watched a film ***American Guinea Pig: Sacrifice*** (2017) where a man is seemingly possessed by a woman and the entirety of the film is him self-mutilating: he carves a hole in his forehead and digs inside it, he takes off his toenails with a screwdriver, he inserted a screwdriver in his penis hole, cut off his penis, and committed *seppuku*. Brilliant. Afterwards I listen to my playlist for 4 hours—listening to music without doing anything else has really become not that much stimulating so I drew heads. I planned on drawing for 4 hours but I quickly got bored. Then, I watched another movie: ***American History X*** (1993?) where Edward Norton, named Derek Vinyard in the film, is a white racist Nazi who's part of a gang who terrorizes other races living in America. His younger brother, Danny, looks up to him. When Derek went to jail, Danny followed his footsteps. But when Derek came back from jail, he's a different person with different views and his brother is confused. He tells him about how he was raped and harassed in jail but a black man saved his life. Danny realizes their wrongs now too and sympathizes with Derek. In the end, Derek got into a fight with his former gang. But instead of killing him, they killed Danny. The film ends there. After watching the film, I worked for an hour on revising the first scene in *her pt. 3 (limerence version)*. Then, I read a few chapters of ***BECK***, and posted some panels on the part where they're performing in the *Greatful Sound*. I couldn't focus on studying and it was just annoying me that I can't bring my brain to work so I just read a book ***How to Read a Book***, for over 2 hours. Finally, I did more than an hour long of calisthenics. I have my period today but I don't give a rat's ass I wanted to workout. I took a shower. I felt a numb throbbing pressure on my lower left backside so I lied down for a bit. I've been eating good food all day long and I was well-fed. Jia followed my art account so I told Kanola and we had a talk about me having just shallow crushes and never really having serious romantic interest in girls, just infatuation. I mentioned how it's super annoying and she mentioned that I might be part of the aromantic spectrum (or that I just haven't met enough people to find someone I can actually like, as I suggested). Now that I think about it, I've never really actually fallen for anyone ever. The closest feeling I got to "falling in love" is when I was limerent over my ex. But that was because I was limerent, a completely different feeling disguised as romantic love (spoiler alert: it's just delusion), so yeah no, not love. I've only ever liked women because they're pretty. I've never actually liked someone for their personality. What does that say about me? That I'm pretentious and see people lower than me that's why I can't see myself liking anyone for who they are? I don't know, maybe, but it's just annoying that I can't, or that I haven't felt it yet. Just mild annoyance though. I know if there was such an opportunity I wouldn't have the time to even pursue the girl. 

The prompt today is pretty boring: What's your favorite charitable cause and why? Bro I don't give a shit and I've never given a shit enough to actually donate to anything, nor do I have the money to spare. I'm just as in need as anyone else who is broke. But if I were to give a shit, probably towards helping wildlife or planting trees or reducing global warming. Second is homeless people, just because I've watched this documentary about homeless people in Japan and how organized the people who were helping were—I wanna try that someday, too (but only specifically in Japan). That or I want to be the homeless person eating those free onigiris....

Oh, also I had this dream a few days ago where I was part of a band participating in a school event. I was the vocalist. We used that ending song we made back in Grade 11 for our contemporary concert (Marilou was pretty upset I used it but anyways). And when it was time to perform, I tried to be like Hayley Williams, but I got so nervous that I was just standing there singing halfheartedly. Adrian (my former best friend in elementary) was singing solo next up after our band. When he performed, at first he was nervous, but he got over it and he was so passionate and killed it onstage. I was really envious and I thought “*I could've done so much better than what I did, I blew it*.” He was really good, I think he sang a Michael Jackson song or something. I was just a sore loser. I didn't know who won but I think we did? But even if we did, I still couldn't accept the fact that Adrian performed better than me.