status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[ramblings]] [[mania]] 

Remember when I said I was annoyed by me falling asleep while reading yesterday? Well, it happened again today. But thankfully, I woke up at 6 AM. I listened to some podcast episodes, did a digital portrait and a collage, studied Japanese for 5 hours, did calisthenics (I decided to just divide the parts to exercise across the days of the week), I watched a Cambodian feature-length film and a Japanese short film. Then I did a (manic) review for *Viktor E. Frankl*'s ***Man's Search for Meaning***. I'm sure I'm gonna lose followers with that one, or not, I don't know. I told Renson I stalked his other account and congratulated him for graduating with Latin honors. It made me want to study so fucking hard to also have Latin honors in college, the highest of them all. Anyways, before writing this I was goofing around with my sister because I kept talking and talking and I couldn't stop. Well, now I'm making a conscious effort not to talk because I have to write this (or I transferred my mode of communication from verbal to written). My parents have no money so we barely have any food at home. I'm so hungry but I couldn't care less because I feel extraordinary at the moment. As long as I have something to drink, coffee or milk, I'll be okay. I posted on my Instagram story about my observation of my bipolarity. I came to the hypothesis of bipolar disorder amplifying a person's positive or negative innate traits. This explains the seemingly intense identity crisis of manic depressives and also why the symptoms of bipolar disorder varies from people to people. Not sure what it says about cycles yet though. I haven't seen any research about this (or I just suck at searching) but I'm tempted to make my own—I'm actually feeling called to do it—I can win a Nobel Prize! I'm also very pumped to finish the Genki series. I already have my other textbooks in store. I'm a tad bit annoyed because I'm not good enough at art or smart enough to understand complex things at the drop of a hat. I can't exactly say this to Kanola because she thinks I have my shit figured out regarding art but I don't. But yeah, I'm annoyed that I'm not smart enough. I also feel this constant disconnect from other people, like I'm different somehow, no matter what I do I can't seem to relate on a deeper level. Probably happens because I'm pretentious as fuck and I'm avoiding that possibility in fear of being called pretentious. After I started talking to Lou again, I can feel negative emotions seeping back through my veins. It also didn't help that I skipped my antidepressants for one day. I feel like I've only been suppressing my self-hatred all this time by grinding, working hard to becoming better at what I like to do. It builds up this illusion of competence and confidence. I'm not entirely fucking sure if I'm just blind or I'm actually on the right path to being a better version of myself. Right now, it's hard to care. I'm also feeling the slight burden of being unemployed. I suddenly feel guilty for existing. I keep saying being employed is not the standard of success, it's just what society made us think, but it's hard to keep that in mind when everyone else would think otherwise, or just follows the status quo. Today I ate Pancit Canton, *miswa*, and oatmeal. I drank coffee and milk, too. I'm the greatest in the entire fucking world.