status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[future]] 

As expected, I slept for an entire day like a log. That's been my routine lately: staying awake for a whole day and then sleeping for a whole day in return. This is not gonna be good once in college, I need to change that. Anyways, I'm not gonna sleep again, I got some catching up to do—I have to do the first 5 units of High School Geometry—I've been slacking off too much. When I woke up, I ate breakfast and lunch together. Then, I weightlifted. Then, I read a book, while eating dinner. Basically I've just been eating. At least I worked out even for 30 minutes. I can't remember my dreams but I'm sure they were fun. 

If there's one thing I cannot do, it's to picture myself in the future. Sure, I can see what I'd be doing, like, a few days from now, a week from now, but never in the long term. That's why I can't plan long-term, too, because I can't visualize what the future probably might be. The thing is, a lot can change. And when I try to picture a specific condition in a specific time, I can't help but to attach myself to that image, so I'd expect that it'll be that way—but that is not always the case. A loved one could die, I might go abroad, I could become homeless, I could've gotten a job at a fast food restaurant, a terrible illness could befall on me—a LOT can happen, even in just a few months. So this prompt today: "**What do you think your life will be 10 years from now?**" is essentially unanswerable. I could be a pessimist and say the worst possible things that could happen or I could be an optimist and say I'd be in Japan, with the job I want, with a nice girlfriend, living that financially comfortable life and a rich inner life. But the thing is, who the fuck knows? I have goals, of course, that reflect on what I would picture myself optimistically, but even knowing that, who knows what could happen? I want things to go a certain way but we all know they're not gonna happen exactly as I want it. I'm just gonna hope it will, but that'll probably be too boring and it won't make for a good story. ...Who am I kidding? Story to tell who? And even if the story isn't that exciting, it's still worth reading. Mundane is cool, too. No such thing as mundane being too boring. My favorite movies out there are all about living normally (I guess). Take ***Gummo***, for example. Nothing happens in that film, it's just a film about what goes on in several people's lives. And yet, it's the best fucking film I've ever seen. So yeah, just living is enough. I guess that's the same with the previous question. What do I think my life will be 10 years from now? I don't know, but to exist, to just be living, is enough.