status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[mindfulness]] 

My phone got fixed yesterday, got its battery replaced. I wasn’t expecting it to be this early but here we are. My phone is still alive even after almost 30 hours, from 100%, with no charging in between. To be fair, I have it on low-power mode all this time but I think I’ll always use it that way. Anyways, I was supposed to clean my room today and have my new desk set-up but I was asleep still long until afternoon. My older brother’s not here so I used the laptop. I didn’t feel like studying so I just listened to albums and read the 2013 Almanac I’ve been reading when my phone wasn’t yet fixed. I don’t know why I’m writing here now, I don’t got much to say. I don’t feel happy, nor sad—just empty, I guess. Last night, I couldn’t fall asleep as quickly as I wanted to. I laid down on the bed reversed-column style with my head on the bottom part and my feet on my dirty pillows (because I didn’t want my face to touch my pillows, my skin’s pretty banged up these days because I haven’t changed my sheets and I don’t shower everyday). I couldn’t sleep that way. I watched ASMR videos, read a book, contemplated about my life while staring at the ceiling but I couldn’t sleep. I went back to my usual position, with my head on the pillow, read a bit of *Eckhart Tolle*’s ***The Power of Now***, then I felt sleepy. I woke up earlier around 6 AM to my alarm but I fell asleep anyways pretty quickly afterwards. I haven’t showered for days. I was supposed to today but my schedule got ruined (and I couldn’t workout again) so I didn’t. I’m hoping tomorrow would be different, and that I finally get back on track with my monthly goals.

I wanted to talk about a little bit of what I read yesterday on the book I previously mentioned. Obviously, it’s about living in the moment. But what struck me the most was when the author mentioned that time was an illusion. The past and the future doesn’t exist. It’s psychological time, it’s all in your head—and we collectively agreed that it exists and that it has rules, per se. Sure, we all need this concept of time to be able to function and to keep things going but it shouldn’t really dictate our everything, especially to have it replace our Now. The Now is the only thing that’s real, and the only thing we’ll ever have. This doesn’t mean we are not supposed to care about our problems anymore, but our problems do not exist in the Now, it’s outside of it. And to live in the Now, means you are problem-free, worry-free, anxiety-free. To live in the Now is to have ultimate freedom. That was really liberating, to be quite honest. I often catch myself disagreeing with a lot of what the author was saying but it’s only because I’m being presented with ideas that I wasn’t used to, that threatens what I’ve been believing for all my life—my reactions were all on impulse; they’re just that: reactions. It’s a very interesting read and I’m excited to learn more about living in the present.

There’s this one thing that’s been ringing in my head lately after my last talk with Renson. He mentioned how he’s obviously intellectually better than his peers and that he has the passion for his current course. I mean, I don’t know much about him to judge him and his so-called intelligence so I just gave him a nod to acknowledge what he was saying, not entirely agreeing to it. I don’t know if he’s just not that self-aware that he’s unconsciously looking down on others without yet knowing them, and that he’s just that deluded. I seriously doubt what he’s saying was true. Not because I am looking down on him (which I probably am) but it’s because of that one quote: “*If you think you’re the smartest person in the room, then you’re in the wrong room.*” and maybe that quote is perfect for his situation. Anyways, I sincerely believe he’s still obsessively hung up on my ex, even if he’s enamored by and addictively attached to his current girlfriend. I mean, I can’t act like I’m not, too, but when he told me he saw CJ’s mom’s post about her being Magna Cum Laude—it was a little bit suspicious. It’s either he’s friends with CJ’s mom on Facebook (which is already creepy on its own) or that he purposefully stalked the mom’s Facebook profile, which means he is still obsessed. The latter is highly likely because he mentioned how the post was “public”. So, yeah, geez. I was gonna check CJ’s Letterboxd account last night but I think she changed her username—good for her. I hope we never find her account again, for our own good. I can’t act like I’m any better than Renson with our obsessive tendencies but at least I’m disgustingly self-aware, I hope he is, too.

I also wanted to talk about Filipino cinephiles and the Discord server I’m in. To be honest, I really admire their passion for films, and their dedication to commit to whatever it is that is film-related in their lives. Some of them are professional film critics, some are budding film directors, most are long-time film enthusiasts—I admire all of them. I wanted to be cool like them and be a film connoisseur but I don’t think I am on that level, nor do I have the desire to be. I just think they’re cool and I wanted to be cool. I’m not much different from them though: I only watch films that I think I’ll like—I guess they’re like that, too? Funny conversation I had with my sister some few days ago. I mentioned my taste in films is not that “share-able”, for the lack of a better word. She agreed because it’s true. I like films that are typically unconventional and involves rated stuff. They’re not something that is safe to watch with friends and family. My family likes action, crime, mystery, and super-hero films. I feel kinda guilty when sometimes I don’t join them in watching a film on the living room, I just don’t vibe with their preferences and I’d rather do something else even though I do love watching films. Not like I’m saying I am better than them just because of my obscure taste. Much like in music, everyone’s got something they like, and I respect that. It should be a rule (within myself, mostly) never to judge someone based on their taste. Even though, well, taste is part of a person’s subjective traits. Sometimes, we really can’t help but connect taste to a person’s personality, right? That’s why we’ll mostly be quick to judge. I know I’m not the only one. I judge people because of their taste and I compare myself to them. I’d think they’re lowly and highly compared to myself, never equals. I suck, to be honest.