status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

How long did I skip writing journal entries? 2 days? Well, anyway, I couldn't write yesterday because I was too drowsy. I'm just gonna talk about today. Surprisingly, I woke up at the intended time, which was 8 AM. I got up, did my morning routine, made coffee, and sat down to study Japanese. I finally fucking go through my Anki decks. Though I only studied a very little bit because I kept getting distracted by Instagram. It's starting to become a problem now because instead of studying, I ended up customizing my Instagram's following count by unfollowing people who doesn't follow me back and those I find boring. I did both arms and core calisthenics though so that's an achievement (even though I keep opening Instagram too). I helped mom a bit and cooked our dinner, which were these new sausages she bought in Marikina with my sister. Mom also bought some biscuits for me. Oh! I remembered I customized the red silk tie I borrowed from my older brother and added chains and pins on it. Anyways, I was really distracted, I couldn't focus on studying my science flashcards and reading a book so I only did those for an hour each. Earlier I was contemplating whether or not to sleep today but I decided on sleeping. I also decided on just doing my planning in the morning when my mind is clear. Then I decided I'll have an internet crush on *9rpeggi*, just for fun. I asked her for her Spotify account, now we follow each other on Spotify. She even sent me a bunch of her playlists. Anyways, reading the book earlier about Zen made me panic on the inside because it's trying to destroy everything I have ever known, all the foundations my beliefs were built upon. Even though it may be helpful to implement some of their practices and philosophy, trying to wrap my head around, even just the main point of what it really is, gives me immense existential crisis. It's difficult to think, or even act, now because I know things now. I've become aware, but at what cost? Maybe I should just remember to take everything with a grain of salt and the fact that I'm doing this to expand my knowledge about a certain ideology. After I've thought it through, looking at both the western and eastern side, then I'll be able to decide for myself. Let's all calm down for a bit. We don't have to make drastic decisions this instant. I got time (maybe). Try not to get overwhelmed.