status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I woke up late yesterday so I didn't get to use the laptop to study JavaScript, high school geometry and high school physics. Instead, my sister and I watched the first few episodes of *Fairy Tail*. I don't know if we'll be able to keep it up and finish all episodes (I think not) but it's really nice to look back on the scenes there in an overflowing sense of nostalgia. I had goosebumps even. I love *Fairy Tail*, at least so much so back then when I was a kid. Or maybe I love *Fairy Tail* because I loved the feeling I had when I used to watch it religiously. Anyway, we didn't reach episode 10 because my sister didn't want to watch anymore. So I just practiced some new kanji characters. A lot has been going on in my mind.

 I didn't write a journal entry yesterday as I was supposed to every 11 PM because I realized I'm putting a time limit on my thoughts. I'm not giving myself time to actually digest my thoughts properly, think about what happened and reflect on them. I just breeze through all my days based on my to-do list without pausing. So I changed my journal time to after midnight, before I go to sleep, when I'm on my bed. 

I'm probably (most likely) pretentious. But like, in secret. I always have this feeling of being better than everybody else because I like things that are obscure and that I'm passionate about those. I feel pride in feeling different, and I want it to stay that way. I kind of don't want to meet new people who share the same interests because I know I won't feel unique anymore. Which is irrational because I know I'm feeling quite lonely that I can't connect with people. I want to be in my own little world so bad that the presence of other people threatens the authenticity of it, even though that's such a detrimental thing to me (probably) since I won't be meeting people whom I can learn from. I won't do much growing up if I don't interact at all—which brings me to another thought. I think the reason why I want to live life in solitary confinement like a monk is because I don't think I'm good enough of a person to engage and interact with other people in the outside world. Like, I have so much learning to do before I actually have a social life. I have to sort and figure my shit out before talking to people because I'm afraid my lack of experience and knowledge will just ruin everything for everyone—which brings me to another thought. Why do I cut people off so easily? Is it because I'm perfectly content with the life I have right now as a homebody and I don't think having connections will enrich it further? Or am I just actually afraid of being attached to people because of what happened last time? Or I'm this closed off because I'm afraid of being judged? I don't feel any guilt cutting people off back then (except for my last former internet friends) and I don't have any problems cutting people off now if I have to. It makes me think about another thought, too. About how I act and talk differently from people to people. Is it because I can't lay off my people-pleasing tendencies? Or am I just being polite by being appropriate and molding myself into someone agreeable so that things won't get awkward? Would I know my real self if I just stopped thinking about what other people would feel and think when I'm talking to them? But that would just feel like I'm disregarding their presence—which sounds selfish. I should probably just say what I have in mind, in an ethical way (or not), and just wing it, even if they disagree. I should also admit that I'm a little bit dumb in the head and that I have my own shortcomings. That would actually solve the problem of not wanting to interact with people, too. Because I'd be able to connect with people while being myself. The little cherry on top is my ability to cut people off easily because then I wouldn't have to care if they leave or not after they find out they don't like my personality. Yeah, that sounds doable. NO MORE PEOPLE PLEASING. 

Oh god, I just have so much on my plate right now. I can't seem to find the time for everything I'm doing and planning to pursue. I'm still yet to begin on my thesis about bipolar disorder. I have to find books and research about bipolarity. I also still haven't started my traditional hand-drawn animation about limerence. Not to mention the goal of watching one short film and listening to one album a day, which is proving to be taking some of my time. 4 hours of my playlists everyday is such a huge chunk, too. I'm also trying to squeeze in the time to draw everyday. A large portion of my days is studying Japanese, which I love to do. But still I don't feel like it's enough. Also those other fucking books I've been reading at once and all the pendings on my phone library. Fuck, that's a lot. I'm not yet on overload but damn, I'm a very busy person. I also feel like I have to review the shit I post on Instagram and the shit I consume everyday. Like make flashcards about them, just to engrave them in my mind.

I told Kanola why I cut off my last former internet friends in long typed out messages. I realized how much it's such a disconnect to the person I am now, compared to my grieving self just a few months ago. I mentioned how I'm still not over my ex right now but it's more of my limerent obsession over her than romantic attraction. I also mentioned how I don't know if I want to reconcile with them in the future. All I know is if I do want to, now's not the time. I just know now's not the time. I think, finishing that animation about CJ, would be me completely cutting the thread. I will be a new person, again.