status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I don't even know, I can't talk. Well, yesterday night, my friends and I (most of CHARARANT) talked about plans for swimming in July. We ended up video-calling at night and took photos. I missed them. I missed being part of a group like this. I want the swimming plans to happen. Just before the call, I was thinking of wanting to go outside and have a swim. Lol, a swim during rainy season. Also, I tried to reach out to an Instagram mutual, wanting to know if they're okay. She responded later the next day. This is what it takes to be social. I woke up late today, around past 3 PM. Les, my younger sister’s best friend, came over. I ate 2 black pepper burgers from Minute Burger. My older brother set up his laptop and we played Lego Star Wars which is a multiplayer game. Dad bought chips and soda, mom bought barbecue for dinner. It was an okay day. I realize I’ve kinda been sacrificing a lot of my time these days to spending them with my family and friends. I don't regret a single moment. But I haven't started on any of my studies yet. I’ll try tomorrow. I just can't find the right timing. I’ve realized, as well, that there's barely a single entry on here that isn't talking about my ex. She's literally all I can think and talk about. Talk about fucking limerence. But lately, I feel it is getting less and less. That’s good. It doesn't occupy my mind as much as before. She viewed my Instagram story, I almost felt nothing. She posted on her story and I viewed it, I almost felt nothing. However, why do I still want to appear physically attractive to her? Like I have to put on a show and make myself as desirable as possible every time I go on my Instagram, what the hell? I shouldn't even feel this way. I’m still searching for that romantic validation from her. I don't know how to stop it, it's like second nature now. Well, I guess today is still not the day.