status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I woke up early today, despite staying awake for the entire day yesterday. My mom woke me up at 6 in the morning to make me drink my morning medication. So, I woke up. She gave me money to let me buy my own food (because I didn't like sopas) so I went to Minute Burger, only to find they aren't serving yet that early in the morning, so I went to 7/11 and bought myself 2 different-flavored onigiris and a sandwich. I got home, got the laptop, ate my food, and started listening to music while adding new albums to *my shit to listen to (the neverending challenged edition)* list. At 12 noon, I started studying JavaScript—some pretty basic stuff: how to declare variables, how to use arithmetic operators, assignment operators, logical operators, string methods, conditional statements, etc. I was halfway through the Fundamentals pt. 2 when I ran out of time (it was 3 PM, it was time to study Science). So I whipped out my Notion notes and started typing down notes while answering the exercises at Khan Academy. I was listening to my playlist the whole time, as well as on the productivity VC at SINEGANG. I finished Middle School Earth and Space Science and Middle School Physics. By 6 PM, I listened to a Japanese Kawaii Future Bass album called ***Future Cake*** by the artist *YUC'e*. It was good. I saw my ex listening to some Japanese tracks, too. Anyways, I had my dinner, and I was enjoying studying science too much that I continued to take notes (and started) for High School Biology. I got past Unit 1 (the last topic is microscopy) and I thought that my study schedule doesn't have to be strict and rigid. I can start on any topic listed there l, even if it's for a different month, or I can be late from schedule—it doesn't matter. What matters is that I keep moving, I don't stop. After some really annoying lower back pains, I stood up and continued my analytical reading of ***If It Could Happen to Buddha, Why Not You?*** by *Vasant Joshi*. I'm starting to think this book is not very well-written as I can see some terms being set up and not being discussed further. There were a lot of interchangeable words, too—I'm trying to find their common meanings. I'm also starting to think I might be too harsh on criticizing, or I'm completely missing the point. I removed the notes (about social media use and studying reminders) from my mirror and replaced it with the 11 rules of analytical reading—because I didn't want to keep opening my large notebook to remind myself of the different rules. All the while I'm thinking about how convenient it is to use a pencil on my physical book and wondering how will I put the same effort digitally. And then I started thinking about buying books in the future—the books I actually want to read, and not just because they're cheap and on sale. I'll think about that later. I messaged Jhanna earlier today to ask how she was doing, I haven't talked to her in a week. I was also messaging IC earlier, talking about how I've been thinking of not wanting to reunite with my former high school friends and yet I stayed with her for some reason. We got really soft and appreciated each other's existences. I invited her to come at my house anytime so she can watch films or series. She said she'll come if she goes to her school (which is near my house). 

If I died tomorrow, what would I be remembered for? How should I know how I'm being perceived by other people? I'm not other people. It's certainly self-indulgent to even think about how people will remember me if I died so I'm not gonna answer that question, because there's simply no way of knowing. You could say I could wonder, probably as someone who's always busy doing something, but that's basically it.