status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Very busy day. My mom had a lot of cooking to do. It's all because of their church. As soon as she's off work, she immediately cooks for hours, even delivers the food. And the whole time I was also on edge. One time she tried to make me call my aunt and deliver the food but I refused. I originally wasn't gonna refuse but my dad said I refused when I turned my back so I ended up just doing so. I felt bad. But when my mom was done in the kitchen, I cleaned up the kitchen and swept the house. I ate some large whopping burger before cleaning. Then, my sister and I bathed our dog together because our dog hasn't taken a bath for days, she needs to be groomed tomorrow. I was just overwhelmed the whole time. I didn't study today. I just customized my RYM lists and listened to my playlist. I plan on finishing all my playlists by tomorrow. That's 38 hours of music, non-stop and no sleep. Would this trigger an acne breakout? We can find out when I do it. I'm determined to finish this once and for all. I'm not gonna do any studying until after Sunday, when we eat at a buffet. I don't think I can concentrate much on anything now that I know we'll be going to a mall in 3 days. I hope my brother doesn't use the laptop as soon as he comes home, though I don't want to jinx it. Also, I told my parents I got overwhelmed when I asked how long they'd keep cooking for their church. And I also mentioned how I was concerned, too, because my mom isn't getting enough sleep at all. It's dangerous now because she just got out of the hospital. It's ridiculous. She shouldn't be taking on too much work, work she can't handle and doesn't have time for. For their fucking religion, they say. Pray, they say. Don't you know you're gonna die if you keep doing that shit? Well, anyways, I had a nice chat on SINEGANG Discord server VC while adding some albums to my RYM lists. My brother came home and had to use the laptop so yeah, I couldn't use it until well past midnight. Too bad because I wanted to still be in the VC with Randomnerminox and Aya. But oh well. I still plan on not sleeping today though because I'm gonna finish my playlists once and for all. I'll talk to you soon.