status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] [[insecurities]] [[loneliness]] [[alienation]] [[friendship]] 

I'm just growing tired at this point. I, for the millionth time, intended to stay awake yesterday midnight. As usual, I fell asleep. I'm tired of being annoyed at that as it kept on happening. I fail and fail and fail, countless times, yet I never stop trying. I keep on hoping and believing I can do it. But I just keep on falling flat on my face and eating my words. Anyway, I woke up in the afternoon. My sister and I continued watching *Fairy Tail*. It's fun. I think we'll keep doing this for some time, even if not necessarily finishing it in the long run. I watched a Spanish film called ***The Wolf House*** which really inspired me to do art and just go crazy. It's kind of like a horror stop-motion film but with real life objects and paper mache and giga-tons of paint, it's insane to think about how much effort and creativity was harnessed just to make that film. Then, I read a book called ***Life After God*** by *Douglas Coupland.* I intended to just read until 11 PM, but I got so engrossed with the book that I decided to finish it, no matter how much time it would take. More on this later. 

Syra, one of my friends from *Chararant*, messaged me yesterday, asking me if I was busy. I asked her why, she never replied. Probably not anything of importance, at least to me. I would've said I was busy regardless of what she says anyway. This made me think of the huge divide between me and my friends in real life. Somehow, a part of me looks down on them, thinking that we just can't ever relate. And we all could care less, really. We just thrive in the fact that we all exist and we're all technically still friends, albeit kept at a distance—we just kind of signed some imaginary contract saying that this is how it should be, then went about our own ways. All of us have this illusion of connection because we see what we post on each of our Instagram accounts. I don't know, just to keep in touch, without actually being in touch, you know? Not one of us wanted to talk at all, and even if we did, what would we talk about? I guess we're just avoiding that painful awkwardness in trying any sort of conversation. 

I feel this weird sense of superiority complex whenever people post a selfie (or a TikTok video of them lypsincing to a song) on their account. A part of me would automatically think they're vain and lowly. Which makes me a hypocrite because I post selfies, too, even if rarely, I still do it. I'm an asshole for that. 

My mom works from home. Her shift is at 1 in the morning until 10 that same morning. She wakes up at 12:45, sometimes 5 minutes later, makes a cup of coffee, pees, and gets to work immediately. Everytime I hear her talking to a client, I'd feel embarrassed. I turn up the volume of the music I'm listening to just so I wouldn't hear them talking. I don't know what that means. If I were to speculate, it's probably because I don't see myself ever doing the same—at least, not anytime soon. I just couldn't. 

Sometimes (or all the time), I pretend to be more enthusiastic regarding my reactions when talking to people just so it would look like I am more engaged and interested in the conversation, so that things won't get awkward. It's probably the people-pleasing tendencies in me acting up again. I just don't like feeling awkward. What is it with awkwardness that makes us cringe away from it? I remember that one Vsauce video which talks about awkwardness and how it's linked to a person's level of empathy. Basically, being awkward means you're a good person or something. Because if you're not awkward, it's either you've transcended human social status, achieved the ultimate form of being, or that you're an actual psychopath. Anyhow, it boils down to what I hate more: people-pleasing or being awkward. The former happens because I avoid the latter. If only I can drop the fear of painful awkwardness just so I can stop people-pleasing. I mean, I can! By either being completely insane or just *Zen*. 

I thought of this interesting idea, just out of the blue. I'd like to think that each person has a distinct aura, which comes from their core. And everyone has a very unique core inside of them, no two persons will have the same type of core. And each person will possess their own individual powers, abilities, manifestations of those auras in the outside world. We'll never know what kind of core a single person would have, their very essence and what it actually looks like—there's just no way of knowing. And I guess that's one of life's most mocking cruelties. 

I had that kind of dream again: that I had a girlfriend, who's very diligent, responsible, and really nice to me. She smelled like baby powder and dreams and she kisses me nice. She supports me in everything I do and I like it when she clings on my arm. I also have been job hopping. There's this one job, which I thought I would hold onto for a long time, which offered me a business trip to Japan with one of my coworkers. They had one day to finalize the approval of the trip. But somehow, at the very last minute, I fucked up at the job, I didn't reach a certain goal which I was supposed to if only I didn't go to a double date with my girlfriend and friends. So yeah, the Japan business trip was cancelled, I got fired from the job, and for some reason, me and my girlfriend just drifted apart. I woke up yearning for something I never even had. 

***"One of the cruelest things you can do to another person is pretend that you care about them more than you really do."*** A quote I got from *Douglas Coupland*'s collection of short stories ***Life After God*** which struck a chord. That's exactly what I've been doing with my friends my entire life. I fucking tell them I love them, even though I don't even fucking know or feel what love really is. That's one of the major reasons why I am cripplingly lonely. There's just something inherently wrong with me which prevents me from connecting with people and caring for them deeply. I don't know what the fuck it is, but I just can't feel love, at least with people. I feel like a bad person because of it. This is why I can cut people off easily. Because I don't love people. I love a variety of things: my uniqueness, my solitude, my hobbies, art, music, coffee, and all the small things in life—but just never people. So when I was reading the book, I wanted to cry, there was this lump in my throat that won't back down. I'm so disconnected from others and it has been eating me up inside for a really really long time now, it never stopped, I just forget about it most times. Times like this though, come up to me and slap me in the face, punch me in the gut—I am forced to look at it from all sides. I'm so fucking lonely, and it's probaby my fault. 

Would you believe me if I said I grew taller in just 5 months? Even if it's just a little more than an inch, it's such a big thing to me. I've always been insecure of my height—probably one of the major reasons why I didn't want to meet up with my former internet friends. I lied about my original height, and so they'd find out I lied and they'd make fun of me—which I just can't stomach. But knowing that I actually grew taller by an inch, I'm just an inch off of what I lied about. I said I was 5'3 when I'm actually 5'1. So growing an inch would mean I'm now 5'2 which is not far off from 5'3. It's like one small step away from accepting the possibility that I can face my former internet friends in the future. That is, if I'd still want to after less than a year. 

I wrote a lot. I've been writing a lot, because I’m giving myself more time to write and actually reflect on my thoughts. My grey cardigan that my brother borrowed that one time kinda became one of his now and I just kinda smiled about it.