status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I ate nothing but tasty crunchy bread with sesame seeds today. I drank coffee and iced tea (lemon flavor). I didn't feel like eating. I didn't do calisthenics today. My entire body is still sore from past workouts. I kind of felt like shit when evening came. I couldn't watch anime. I still feel like shit. 

I kept remembering the time I said something about the AOT ending being really good on SINEGANG Discord server. One person replied and he talked about how he liked the season 3 and such. I agreed and said I liked it, too, even though I didn't even remember what happened in that season. I was just people-pleasing, to have something to say so I won't seem rude by not replying. Then another person joined in, he talked to the first person who replied to me. He talked about what he didn't like about AOT, he seemed very well-versed about it, too, and I couldn't help but feel stupid. Like my opinion on the anime was somehow unjustified. I know I'm just being self-absorbed. His thoughts about the anime didn't concern me at all and it wasn't an attack to me personally but I can't help but think of how I never seem to have any deep-rooted opinions about stuff, about why I like them and why I don't like them. I just consume and consume, and never giving them a second thought. Now I couldn't focus on the anime I'm watching. Not only because I'm kind of getting bored and I need a new anime series to watch (I couldn't choose), but also because I kept remembering that conversation on Discord. I seriously have to think about what I consume. 

I got the *Four of Pentacles* in reverse today. And it mentioned how I'm trying to find a stable environment, free of anxiety. And it said that the only way to do it is to actually keep my inner environment in check so that I can handle it if there is chaos around me. That made me think about our hyperactive dog, my anxiety, and my desire to run away because of it. Maybe it's best to put my attention to things I can control, which is what I feel. I could try and meditate to better deal with the situation.