status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[friendship]] 

I've been taking a lot of deep sighs lately. I don't know what it means. It's like my body forgets to breathe for a second so I have to manually restart the respiratory process by heaving a huge amount of air and blowing it out through my nose and mouth. I was almost successful today with staying awake—I wrote a really long journal entry, I read several chapters of a manga, I listened to 4 hours of my playlist. I was listening to a podcast, that's when I fell asleep, it was already morning. I'm just not gonna brood over it. I woke up in the afternoon. My parents went out. My sister and I watched Fairy Tail. I'm not sure how long I can keep that up because I have so much on my plate right now, making time to watch series episodes everyday seem unlikely to maintain. I did my Japanese dailies, did a kanji practice, watched 2 short films, cut papers for my animation (which I realized I'd have to do for a really long time for me to have something to draw on), read a book, listened to an album. 

Yesterday, I posted some parts of my journal entries on my Instagram art account. It's gotten a bit of attention, I take it my followers do read the shit I post. It's scary, baring out my soul like that in the open, for everyone to see and judge. But at the same time, I love the feeling of being genuine and free, just sheer freedom to be myself and to lay out all my flaws like ornaments lined up on the floor ready to be put up on the Christmas tree. My friends probably would have seen it, I'm 99% sure they won't because they don't really care, and I don't really care if they do. Lou saw them though and I don't know what she thinks about it when in the letter I wrote to her on her birthday, I said I love her. 

Let me talk about my close friends—at least those who can tolerate and acknowledge my existence. There's IC, who's been my friend since 8th grade. I had this talk with her where I said for some reason, even when I cut off all of my friends from high school, I chose to make her stay. A part of me is really being genuine when I said those words, but another part of me is screaming that's not very significant enough to be worth noting. I'm not lying to myself, it's just that I was probably a bit exaggerating the weight of our connection. IC always has this idea of our friendship being "low maintenance" where we'd still be best friends even though we barely even talk about stuff that are important to us. It's true that we talk once or twice a month, but I'm not sure if our friendship is healthy at all. I like to think my love language is quality time and words of affirmation—I'm having none of that with her, so what does that say about our bond now? I feel like the more we don't talk or hangout, the more we drift apart. It might not be the case for her, but it is the case for me. I'm valuing this relationship lesser and lesser as time goes by. It's like we're growing up but separately, and I don't know if that's a good thing. And then there's Lou. We've known each other for 4 years and have grown close for the past 2 years. During her senior high school, though, we would talk sometimes but not always. There were times when she'd disappear for days, a week, and come back not really telling me what happened. And whenever I ask, she avoids the question. I never pry because I'm afraid of violating her boundaries, which she very much values because she has a painful history with it. In September, though, she was gone for a whole month. She came back though, she didn't tell me what happened, she didn't remember if I got her angry, I never asked about how she was. The last heartfelt thing I've ever said to her is in the contents of the letter I wrote to her on her birthday. Lou... came back, like this entirely unfamiliar person. Like someone I used to have a serious connection with but somewhere along the line, it slowly fizzled out in long strings. She's just so angry and hateful with the world that I'm so afraid to even say anything that I think she remotely disagrees with. She's... exhausting to be around with. And I can't say that to her because she's already going through so much shit. She's also so enclosed in her own spiteful world, the victim card lodged deep into her heart, letting the darkness take over her once rational mind. I want to help her get out of that mindset but I don't even know if I'm capable of doing so, or I'll just aggravate it further, accidentally detonating the ticking time bomb. I've been thinking of cutting her off, too. This huge gap of perspectives and principles has been apparent since the day she came back, I can feel the difference in our maturity every time we talk. There's Kanola. We met several months ago, met up in real life after 2 months of talking (I'm not very sure with these specifics). We first got to talking when she messaged me on RateYourMusic. I see her as this fragile lazy little ball of anxiety. We have been talking everyday since we met, and it's been nice, talking to a person like this. I've told her about my tendency to cut people off, and she told me about her countless experiences of being cut off. We're two sides of the same coin, but surprisingly we get along well. I also told her I could leave her anytime, because that's just the way I am, and that I wouldn't really care if she's the one to leave. But talking to her feels freeing because I can say anything in my mind without the fear of her breaking whatever bond we have—we're not bound by attachment and time yet. Talking to her has made me realize this profound feeling of disconnect from the people around me. Not really realize, but more like notice, and then acknowledge, that's why I'm writing this down. 

I searched about it on Reddit about why I'm so lonely and my inability to connect with people deeply. All the answers I saw were saying this: emotional neglect. I don't really know much about emotional neglect, but I do know I didn't have the most perfect childhood. Something just went wrong along the way and I've yet to figure out why. This has been causing me to have failed relationships with people. 

I met my first girlfriend on the internet when I was in 7th grade. When I was fucking 13 years old. She was a year older than me. She wasn't the prettiest, but she's the first girl who showed romantic interest in me, so I ended up wanting to be with her. We met on Facebook because of Girls' Generation and K-Pop. We got to talking and texting, and eventually calling. I remember talking to her even while in school during breaks. We'd call each other "wifey" — ha, that's a classic. I forgot how we broke up and I don't remember feeling really sad about it. I do remember though a few years after that, I messaged her on Facebook again asking her what was up with her life now. It was awkward and I probably shouldn't've bothered talking to her.