status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[prompts]] 

I guess my sleep cycle is now sleeping for 12 hours; sleep at 3 AM then wake up at 3 PM. I hate it. I could’ve spent all that time studying. I was late to use the laptop today because I woke up late. Plus, I couldn’t pull out the fucking ethernet cable from the laptop. Well, it took me a while. But I got it. I don’t know if I’ll do the Javascript exercises today. I also couldn’t work out, for some reason. No, there is a reason: I don’t feel like it. Boo, you failed already. Goddamnit. I feel neutral today, not even empty or sad, just neutral. I guess you could say I’m calm? I don’t know. I’ll drink a lot of coffee today and sleep late listening to music because I deserve it. My muscles ache a little bit because of the workout yesterday, though it feels good to ache knowing I’m gaining something. 

##### ***If you died tomorrow, what would you most be remembered for?***

— If I died tomorrow, surely I wouldn’t know anything that will happen from then on, because I’ll be dead. But, if I were to judge or predict according to what my peers would say about me, they would say I was one of a kind. A unique individual. Passionate, understanding, *really cool*. I would be remembered as someone with a lust for life. Someone a bit mentally unstable and sometimes would want to die, but with a passion to create nonetheless. I don’t think there is a certain specific thing that I would be remembered for but I think people will remember me in small ways; in songs, places, food, feelings—not necessarily a quality of me. Or at least I hope they will. It doesn’t really matter. What matters are the moments when I’m alive.

##### ***When was the last time you cried?***

— The last time I cried was probably after I finished reading ***Flowers for Algernon***. It’s about a mentally challenged individual who’s had a really rough life, bullied by the people around him and abused by his family. All he wanted was to be smart so people would like him more. Then there was an experiment where volunteers will be going through an operation that could make them highly intelligent in a short time. Charlie, the mentally challenged man, volunteered for it, hoping it’ll make him smarter. It did make him smart, smarter than everyone else, a genius. Except the faster it made him intelligent, the faster his cognitive abilities deteriorated. During his time as a genius, he made amends with people who had wronged him. He helped improve the research for the experiment he was in. Algernon was the lab rat they first tested who didn’t die. Eventually, Algernon died, too. Charlie reverted back to his old self, mentally challenged, wanting nothing more than to be smart again. I don’t know, it was a really emotional book. I cried after reading it. This is why I don’t read fiction books like this, it makes me cry.

##### ***What is the earliest memory you have of a sibling?***

— This is probably not the earliest I can think of but it’s a memory I chose. It’s when my family is living in a cramped border house where we live with a bunch of other people. It was dingy, shitty, always flooded—kinda like a bunker (we call it that). We didn’t really have anywhere else to live in and my family can’t afford a house or a decent apartment during that time. That was also the time I was raped but that is a story for another time. Life was hard. But I remember this. I have 6 other siblings, one of them not born yet during this time. Two of my older brothers made some kind of haunted house in that small room we were living in. They put up layers of blankets that act as separate rooms throughout that small room. They put spooky stuff on each layer. My older sister was the one to greet us at the front door. My younger brother and I are the victims. As we entered the room, the door was locked from the outside by my older sister. We made our way through the passageways (layered by the blankets). Then, two of my younger brothers act as ghouls or monsters that will chase us across the layers. Me and my younger brother would run, ignoring the rules (which were not to pass through the blankets directly and to follow the path). When we reached the final stage, there was a chair covered with a blanket, too. We cautiously approached it, only to find our older brother sitting on it, then he chased us again. We ran towards the door and shouted that we wanted out. It was a core memory of mine and I would always think of that every time people would ask me how I remembered my siblings.
  
##### ***What is the longest you've had a "borrowed" item but not been able to return it because they moved?***

— I always borrow books that I almost never return lol. The longest is like 6 years or 5. It’s not because they moved, it’s because I moved, and cut them off from my life. The only book I returned was my cousin’s. It was a *Haruki Murakami* book so I get why it is valued.