status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I woke up late. Well, not late late, just a little past 12 noon. I didn't get to listen to my playlist again. My mom woke me up with her voice telling Cheesecake to wake me up because she got groomed. Cheesecake's fur is short now, she looks really different but clean. I wanted to talk about me feeling suffocated with having a dog in our house. It was because I don't know how to act around it. Earlier it bit me on the lips when I was trying to kiss her. Now I'm anxious all the time around her, thinking she'll snap at me anytime she looks at me. I was working out and she was just beside me. I got near her because I had to do a certain exercise and she flinched at me, or so I thought, but we both got startled because I thought she was gonna bite my hand so I retracted it on impulse. I reprimanded her in a strict tone. Anyways, I feel awkward around our dog now plus I don't want to have any responsibility now regarding her. I know I already told my mom I don't want to bathe her every other day anymore but I'll still clean her poop. Really, earlier I felt like going out of the house and running away because I didn't want to deal with our dog. Anyways, I just studied Japanese and did 30 minutes of Calisthenics, I'll slowly try to build up my workout time along my progress. During the evening, mom made egg salad sandwich spread. I ate 5 sandwiches. My family gathered around in the kitchen and we talked about films. We had a long talk, mostly about popular films. I mentioned I don't trust the critics. They told me if a film has a high rating, you're most likely to like it. I told them nah, it kinda doesn't make sense to me. I didn't really have a solid defense, I tried to make a point (but failed), but they said ultimately it all just depends on a person's taste. We all just agreed. I was still inside my thoughts long after the conversation died down. I've thought long and hard about it. What is up with film critics anyways and should we trust it? My brother mentioned that those critics talks about a film's technical aspects other than its theme and I was thinking "isn't that just making it objective?". I told them my favorite director's films were hated by the mainstream film community but his works are my favorites so a bad rating doesn't necessarily mean I'm more likely to not like it, too. Therefore, a film with high rating doesn't necessarily mean I'm more likely to like it. Film ratings are basically just statistical decoration. It doesn't tell much about how good a film actually is—because it's all subjective. My dad also said he's more likely to stick with a film if it has a higher rating because he knows it will be good and that he hasn't wasted his time. I told him I stick with a film from start to finish no matter if it's good or bad, and I wouldn't feel like I wasted my time because watching a bad film would help me learn what I like and don't like in a film. Anyways, I'm trying to find ways to implement my Japanese studies even more to my brain. I'm thinking of transcribing podcast episodes, so that's one. I was also thinking of going through my past studies once again but I don't know how. Maybe write some sentences for every grammar point? I could try that. I also thought of dissecting Japanese song's lyrics just now.