status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[loneliness]] [[introspection]] [[ramblings]] [[melancholy]] 

I fell asleep last night as soon as my head hit the pillow and I closed my eyes. I was planning to listen to music for more than 24 hours. I guess I'm all just talk. I woke up at almost 10 AM so I continued listening to music. I finished 2 playlists before I went out with my mom to have our dog Cheesecake groomed. We rode a tricycle to Buting where we first had Cheesecake's sanitary grooming. But when we got there, they said Cheesecake has to be dewormed and vaccinated first before getting groomed. So we just let her get dewormed. The vaccination is due next week, and every two weeks from then on. Every visit's vaccine shot is worth 600 pesos. My mom wanted Cheesecake to get groomed so we went to Pasig Simbahan because she said she saw a pet grooming salon there. So we went there and there was. When we got there, there were a lot of people so we first did some shopping for Cheesecake. Well, mom was the one going around and talking to the saleslady about their products and which shampoo smells better. I was holding Cheesecake the entire time because she's afraid to walk on the floor. I was sweating like crazy so I was urging my mom to get on with it. She ended up buying dog shampoo, dog cologne, a turquoise harness and leash, and some blueberry treat. We went to the pet salon called The Pawdium next door and thankfully there's a seat available. I sat down nearest to the sliding door. My mom treated me to some iced coffee while waiting. I ordered Caramel Macchiato. She had to go out and withdraw cash so I was left waiting with Cheesecake. Good thing the place was air-conditioned. Cheesecake didn't want to leave her bag so I let her stay there. I let her down on the floor once but she just sniffed around for a while and demanded to get back on the bag. I got my Caramel Macchiato, it was really sweet. There was a friendly lady next to me with her Shih-tzu Poodle do named Panpan. The dog was really friendly, it kept licking me. Its paw fur was colored in three colors: light blue, pink, and yellow. The lady kept opening up conversations and I tried my best to be civil, smile, and reply politely. My mom came back. She talked to the lady for some time about Cheesecake being a picky eater. The lady said her dog used to be like that too when her dog was the same age as Cheesecake. What she did was she bought a product called Nutri-gel and fed it to her dog. Time went by and her dog stopped being picky. The saleslady from the pet store got the said product and showed it to my mom. It was worth 750 pesos. So she said she'll just come back for it next week. I told mom I was hungry so she bought me a solo-sized Beefy Sausage pizza. I ate all of it. Cheesecake was on my mom's lap next to me while my mom talked to the friendly lady. It took around almost 3 hours of waiting before it was Cheesecake's turn to be groomed. When it was her turn, she was shaking really badly. But she behaved and remained still while her fur's getting cut. She also had a bath, drying, and nail cut. She even had what is called an "anal drain" because they said she has poop stuck on her butt. I tried my best to be there and be seen through the glass as Cheesecake was getting groomed. She looked so small and thin, my mom felt bad. The air in the pet salon made my throat itchy so I bought water from a vendor outside. I took sips while waiting. Eventually, the grooming was done and Cheesecake looks like an actual dog this time. We paid for the expenses, costing 810 pesos. My mom also tipped the guys who bathed and took care of Cheesecake with 50 pesos each. Maybe because she saw the friendly lady do the same before leaving. When we went out, we didn't put Cheesecake in the bag. Mom just carried her. There was a parade at the church nearby so there were a lot of people and some band playing. It was a bit loud so I was kinda worried about Cheesecake. We rode a tricycle to San Bernardo. There were fireworks heard in the near distance. My mom said it was a good thing she brought me along with her. That means I helped successfully. I felt good going out like this, eating food outside, talking to friendly strangers. It weirdly makes me feel like an adult. Especially when having Cheesecake with me feels like I'm taking care of a baby. We got home and here we are, I'm continuing my quest to listen to music for more than a day. I'm not even halfway through. Just two more nights and we'll be going to the mall for the buffet. I bet there would be lots of people since it's a Sunday. I'm really looking forward to it.

I'm probably the loneliest person I know. I have like 2 friends at the moment. And we barely even talk. Moreso talk about things that actually matter, to me at least. I'm just selfish, I guess. But yeah, it's time like this, when I'm not doing anything, I feel the loneliest. I sent the same message to Kanola and IC. I asked them: Do you ever feel like your life hasn't started yet? They haven't replied yet. I just want to feel like someone can relate and sympathize with my situation. Is that selfish? It's not like I believe my life hasn't started yet. Because it already did, the moment I first opened my eyes, I know that. It's just that, my favorite parts haven't happened yet. Am I being ungrateful by feeling this way? Am I failing to live in the moment? There's just always something, some major event in the future, I'm looking forward to. May it be getting a girlfriend, feeling love, having my first job, first apartment—I'm always looking forward to those things. It might be a bit too mainstream and normal but I want to experience those before I die. I know the process and the journey is what's more important but hey, a girl can dream. Yeah, I think I'm more comfortable referring to myself as a woman. I feel very confident and empowered when addressed as a woman. I like it. But yeah, my favorite parts are yet to come. 

This too shall become just a mere memory. Every moment that passes by, no matter how tight I grasp at them, it will eventually slip away. The moment you're aware of that feeling, the more you fail to savor each second. I just look around me, even outside myself, peering at the world and everyone else—my younger sister watching movies in her laptop, my mom cooking so much food, my older brother and his girlfriend going out on dates, my younger brother playing videogames in his phone, my dad going downstairs to hang out with the neighbors, and then there's me, writing about this moment—I just know for a fact that this won't always be the case. Everything will change, there's no going around it. My younger sister will go to college, probably live in a dorm far away. My older brother would get married and have kids. My younger brother would be working at a company. My parents would be living in an old house, with nothing to do, and their children not living with them, probably dying early because of their diabetes. While I live in complete solitude, like I've always wanted. Is it even possible to be nostalgic for the present moment? Because that's exactly what I feel. I don't know how to appreciate the "now" even better. A profound sense of melancholy washes over me every instance it crosses my mind. How can people just go by their days living in ignorant bliss? It must be so nice to not be engulfed in a lake of this sort of awareness. To live without thinking about wasting the present. Don't you think it's cruelly inevitable how time flows by like a river, sometimes in a calm stream, sometimes in a rapid gush? No matter what I do and how much I wish for it, winter never comes to freeze the water. Sooner or later, I'll grow older. And my heart will continuously break because of this. If I had the chance to make things different, would I have chosen to? I don't have answers. Maybe I will never have answers.

