status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[nostalgia]] [[dream]] [[melancholy]] 

I just feel so incredibly sad. I think of my former internet friends and I feel sad. I think of my ex-girlfriend and I feel sad. I think of Lou, of Kanola, IC, CHARARANT, my family, my relatives, and I feel immensely sad. I'm terribly cripplingly lonely and it's killing me. I'm also having a profound existential melancholy at the moment. I want to cry but somehow I can't. Maybe I will later. I wish I had someone important to me who I can talk to about these. But you're the only one here, journal. You're my safe space, my confidant. There's no one else. No words can describe how sad I'm feeling. But here I am, trying. Update: I cried. Nose clogged and all. It hurts so bad. It's completely my fault that I'm in this situation. I mean, I could've stayed, been honest, and tried to work things out instead of running away and isolating. Maybe I wouldn't be this sad. Maybe I wouldn't feel this much pain. But alas, I chose this path. There's nothing else to do but live up to it, no matter how difficult and painful. 

I dreamt CJ has a RYM account. In there, it's heavily customized and filled with anecdotes about how she still wants me. She linked my former Instagram accounts and added photos of me. She detailed how great I am and how in love we were and how she regrets breaking up with me. I looked into her profile multiple times. I even stalked her Instagram, Letterboxd and Spotify, also filled with things about me and new things about her. Obviously, this dream talks about how lonely I am and the only salvation I subconsciously come up is if CJ gets back together with me. I was not in a good mental state last night, I was really really lonely. So naturally, my dream is something about emotional fulfillment. 

I fell asleep. I have nothing to do but listen to music so I'm a bit bored (and a bit depressed). I'm really worried about my mom. She hasn't slept yet and she was having palpitations before she went out. I really hope she doesn't get sent to the hospital again. I don't care if she stops participating in all those stupid events in their church, her health is more important. It almost makes me mad because of this. But anyway, I don't think I'll be sleeping later. I made coffee without cream. I'll be drinking that for a while. Tomorrow is the day. 

It happened. My mom got sent to the hospital. And I'm angry. Because she took all of the work regardless of her sleep deprivation and exhaustion. Of course, we won't be going to the mall tomorrow. I'll just do what I usually do. I can't let my depressive episode get to me. After all, we can't always have nice things and happy times. Sometimes things are too good to be true.