status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] 

I haven't slept yet. I don't feel sleepy at all. I just wanted to write here. My mind is not in the present at the moment. I can't enjoy studying Japanese, I feel like there's something missing. Probably that supposed Japanese commonplace notebook that I ordered on Shopee. I won't be having any sleep until I got it. 

Have you ever felt like something is blocking your mind? Something is blocking your potential? Your soul? Like you don't know what it would take for you to open up and be the best version of yourself. I don't know, I always feel that way. Like I'm not enough. Not that I won't ever be, but I just don't know how to work my way around it. I think it's now more to do with not living in the present. Actually, a lot of everything has something to do with living in the present, I'm figuring that out now. Anyways, grinding and working my way out of this cage will probably only lead to more burnouts. I need to understand that today is more important than tomorrow. I don't have things figured out but I know I'm trying—god knows how much I've been trying. But maybe trying too hard is counterproductive? I just can't let go of this ideal version of myself who I want to turn into. I can't seem to surrender my wants and wishes. Maybe true enlightenment starts if I just let go and surrender everything—and also, of course, living in the present—and staying aware, still, and awake. Right now, not exactly having plans is preventing me from actually doing stuff and enjoying them. All I can think about is the time, plans, schedules, and goals. Like every move I make has to have that feeling of accomplishment after checking it off a list. Why can't I just do what I feel like doing? I can't listen to my insides, ear buds are stuck on my ears. I should just listen to what I'm feeling. What am I feeling now? I feel... empty. A little bit anxious. A little bit motivated to just do what I want to do. But what is it that I want to do? I want to keep studying Japanese. And when should I do that? Right now, after I write here. How should I do it? In a enjoyable and focused way. But now I'm thinking of going to sleep. Maybe I just need to sleep. Yeah, maybe that's it.