status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[introspection]] [[dream]] [[insecurities]] [[friendship]] 

I didn't sleep yesterday. At least up until noon. I started multiple books, almost finished ***BECK***, listened to podcasts while cutting paper up for my animation, did the rough draft for the first scene. But then I felt sleepy so I gave in and slept. I woke up at nighttime, watched a few short films, read another book, and listened to albums. Quite productive. A lot has been going on in my mind. There has been some pretty deep contemplations lately, and realizations. I'll get to them in a few. 

Why do some people find it so easy to find love and be in love and have relationships? I just can't imagine how easily they let their guard down for others. But at the same time, a part of me really envies that openness. I see all these couples (Instagram mutuals) and see them so happy and sometimes out of character when it comes to love (but who am I to know who they really are on the inside, right?). They just seem to be.. experiencing something I can't, or haven't yet. Makes me think if I'm missing out again on some crucial part of life. 

I just thought of this randomly. When you think about it, mayors, principals, teachers, and all the other school officials who give speeches on graduation ceremonies, always do the same speeches in the same occasions every single year because there will always be a next batch to graduate. That will never stop. And I'm just thinking of how tiring they'd have to repeat some kind of sob story and bland inspirational preaching to the students. Just thinking about it makes me tired. 

Lately, I've been realizing I have my favorite time of the day, which is every midnight and the hours onwards. That's when I just listen to music, read books, or just do stuff I like. I feel a weird sense of unity with everything during those times. Also, I decided reading multiple books at once. Not just two or three, but 10 different books. Right now I'm only reading 8 but I'm really tempted to add 2 more to those; one romance book and one horror. So what are the pros and cons of reading this many books at once? One advantage is I get to read what I like, given any moment, because my preference and mood changes every second. Also that it aligns with my fluctuating attention span. And when I quickly get bored, I'll just switch to another book. The disadvantage is that, I might mix up the stories with all the fiction books. So to counter that, I'm making sure that the selection is quite varied in genre and plot. Reading many books feels kind of like a dream, I noticed. We experience dreams in fragments, which, for me, means I'm more likely remember them because the information is stored in digestible packets. Back then, when I was just reading strictly one book before starting another. It doesn't really improve my memory for retaining what I read. I read the book from start to finish, then forget about the book altogether. Whereas, if I read many books at once, I will be able to take more time to think about what happened and what I learned—it will burn and make its mark on my brain so that I'm less likely to forget. Reading 10 books seems insane in theory, but it feels just right for me in practice. 

I dreamt about going to NCMH to get my meds. Turns out the hospital is making patients drink just one medicine for everyone. I soon found out what they're making patients drink is half of a coin each person. Yes, a coin, made with steel (I think). Half, meaning it's cut in half, so there would be sharp edges. I didn't think much about it while on the line. I was a bit nervous though, how am I supposed to swallow something like that? When it was my turn, I gave them the requirements but they said I need my mom to be with me, too. I said, "Ohhh okay," and walked away. I went back to my hotel room. For some reason, there's a hotel building inside NCMH, where I'm staying. I also dreamt of posting on my Instagram. I posted a video of me in the dark standing in front of the mirror, and when I opened my flashlight, I got shocked by my reflection, for some reason—or at least I pretended to be shocked, just for laughs. 

I told my parents I grew an inch taller. They compared me and my mom's height—she's still taller an inch. She said she's 5'2 and I was 5'0 before and just now became 5'1. I refused to accept it. I took a pencil and a ruler and made a makeshift height measure on the wall. Then, I checked my height again—yep, I'm 5'1. So I was never 5'2 and saying I was 5'3 was really far off. But Jesus Christ, why the fuck do I care this much? Just to gain some sort of approval from my former internet friends? To prevent them from finding out I lied? So that they won't make fun of me? Why do fuck do I care about what they think of me anyway? There's a lot of factors affecting a person's height: 80% of those came from genes, and the other 20% would probably be lifestyle or the environment. Which is why it's ridiculous to even compare people's heights like it's some sort of measure of worth! So you're making fun of someone's height just because their DNA created proteins that determine that they'd be short? You're basically making fun of the gene expression, which is purely and completely random. So you're making fun of someone's height because they were depressed as a teenager so they didn't really live a healthy life like sleeping early or eating nutritious food? What if they lived in poverty and they were suffering from malnutrition? It's just so shallow to make fun of people's heights, and I look down on people who do that. Height is just some stupid made up beauty standard in society and it's so stupid that people, like myself, worry about something so trivial. 

Why am I always trying to be someone I'm not? My art is suffering because I'm holding on to this standard of my art having to look like others' art. I want my art to look a certain way even though that's forcing myself to become someone I'm not. I'm not listening to my inner voice whatsoever and not let the true artist in me come out. There's also having this desire for the identity of a genius, just someone who thinks really differently. I try to imitate that life so much that I'm not really thinking about the possibility that "what if that's not me?" Also that I'm trying to be someone very opinionated and outspoken. But guess what? It's better to shut up and learn first before talking my opinions out loud, at least that's what I value as a course of action. I have to understand first before I agree or disagree and say anything about it. Sure, I'd have to be more assertive at times and speak out whenever necessary, but there should be limits to that. I have to think before I speak. I want to be some sort of carefree person who acts without thinking because I think that's really cool. Why do I think that's cool? Maybe because I never allowed myself to act that way when I was young, so I feel like I've missed out again. But then again, I should not try to be someone I'm not. I think it's better to think first. That would save everyone a lot of trouble. I have to be careful not to overthink excessively though.

My typical day goes like this: I don't sleep after midnight. I journal for hours while listening to music. Then I read a book. While reading, I fall asleep and wake up in the afternoon, which completely ruins all the plans I had for the day. I'm too demotivated to do calisthenics or study so I just do whatever until nighttime comes when I'd have to read a book again while listening to an album. Almost everyday this is what happens and I was getting pretty fucking pissed about it, but now I just don't care anymore. I'm very lucky when I do what I have to do for the day.

Just before midnight earlier, I had a talk with Lou. She asked me if I hate her. I thought she wanted to ask why I told her "I love her" when I admitted on my Instagram story that I don't love. Anyways, I decided to come up front and tell her my issues. I told her that I've been thinking about it a lot and I felt like we just weren't in the same page anymore lately. I told her I didn't know how to act around her anymore and I don't know what she's feeling. She told me I had really upset her, have been mean to her, multiple times, that she had to distance herself away from me and hoped that I figure it out somehow. She never said any specific moments when it happened and we both don't remember. I told her I was sorry, that I may have been ignorant and lacked the self-awareness to even realize what I say when I talk to her. I still don't know what I did, and she doesn't want to remember at all. I said I'm willing to give her time alone again but she said no, she's had enough time alone already and nothing really happened. And so, we're still talking. I'm still waiting for her reply. The whole time I was tearing up with a lump in my throat. I'm disappointed in myself because I made her upset. I don't know if that's what made me cry. But at the same time, I'm glad I feel this way because it means I actually care. Or am I just tearing up because I didn't like being confronted and feeling like I did something wrong, multiple times? It threatens this carefully constructed ego I've built up over the years, showing that I'm not exactly as perfect as I think I was. I also told Lou that I most likely haven't been paying attention a lot. I miss those small details in conversations that actually matter. All I can think about is myself. I'm probably too self-absorbed and proud to even remember that I was in the wrong multiple times. There's so much I don't know about everyone else, and mostly about me. I need time to figure everything out, probably. A lot of self-reflecting, asking what the hell is wrong with me actually.