status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I woke up late today (around 12 noon) but I still managed to study. I had a fairly hard time with JavaScript today. Then some 7th grade maths. Then High School biology. I've seem to have gotten the hang of it because I am enjoying learning. I also managed to form a new work-out routine in a Google Docs file. I also made a tarot card meanings in a Google Sheets file. I did a lot today, I'm proud. I even went outside during one of my breaks and bought barbecue and iced tea because my mom asked me to. Though I didn't wash the dishes. Anyways, I re-worked my daily schedule. I cut down my reading time to 1 hour and allotted the other 1 hour to doing (a) math problem(s) and/or doing science Anki flashcards and/or coding exercises. It's something I have to sacrifice in order to always have my mind refreshed with what I'm currently studying. Because if I kept only learning (programming, math, science) during one day a week, I'd keep on forgetting how to do them. What more if I had to skip Thursdays because my brother would use the laptop? So I have to make time for it everyday, even for just an hour. I believe the set-up I have right now would be good for the rest of my remaining days before going to college. I have enough time to review for an entrance exam and create an art portfolio. 

If I could be anybody, I wouldn't be anybody at all. I think I'm content with myself, flaws and all. Sure, some things could use a little bit of work, like self-esteem, mental illness management, self-absorption, the tendency to cut people off, having acne breakouts, etc. But I wouldn't trade being myself for anything. Those little flaws can be changed. Being the best version of myself is a lifetime's work, and I'm determined to see it through.