---
chapterTitle: 第1回.あたらしいともだち
tagLinks:
  - "[[2025]]"
  - "[[japanese]]"
  - "[[study]]"
  - "[[course]]"
  - "[[culture]]"
  - "[[names]]"
source: "Genki I: An Integrated Approach to Elementary Japanese"
growth: "[[adult]]"
translation: New Friends
---
## 文法

### 1. XはYです

Using an appropriate noun with the word です can form a simple sentence :

> *...です。*       It is...

Examples:
	*12時半です。* (It) is half past twelve. 
	*学生です。* (I) am a student. 
	*日本語です。* (My major) is the Japanese language.

Notice that none of these sentences have a subject like in their English counterparts. Sentences without a subject are very common in Japanese as they tend to omit the subject assuming the subject was already clear and established to the listener.

When it's not clear what's being talked about, add は after stating the topic/subject, and then the phrase containing the noun and です。

Example:
	*専攻は日本語です。*(My) major is the Japanese language.

One can use the same sentence pattern to identify a person or a thing X as item Y.

Examples:
	*私はスーキムです。* I am Sue Kim. 
	*山下さんは先生です。* Mr. Yamashita is a teacher. 
	*メアリーさんはアメリカ人です。*  Mary is an American.

は is a type of sentence "particle", as one of many, which is attached to a phrase and indicate how a phrase relates to the rest of the sentence.

==Note:== In Japanese, there is no item that corresponds to "a", nor is there any item that corresponds to the plural "-s" at the end of a noun. 

### 2. Question Sentences

To ask questions in Japanese, just add か at the end of a です sentence.

Example:
	*留学生ですか。* (Are you) an international student?

This question is answerable by yes/no. We can also ask questions using the question word 何.

Examples:
	Q: *専攻は何ですか。* What is your major?
	A: *(専攻は)英語です。* (My major) is English.
	Q: *今何時ですか。* What time is it now?
	A: *(今)9時です。* It is nine o'clock. 
	Q: *メアリーさんは何歳ですか。* How old are you, Mary?
	A: *19歳です。* I'm nineteen years old. 
	Q: *何年生ですか。* What year are you in college?
	A: *2年生です。* I'm a sophomore.
	Q: *電話番号は何ですか。* What is your telephone number?
	A: *186の7343です。* It is 186-7343.

### noun1のnoun2

の is a particle that connects two nouns. The secound noun provides the main idea, the first noun makes it more specific. It also acts like the possessive ("x's") in English. 

Examples: 
	*武石さんの電話番号* Takeshi's phone number
	*大学の先生* a college professor 
	*日本語の学生* a student of the Japanese language 
	*日本お大学*  a college in Japan

Japanese seems to be more consistent in arranging ideas; the main idea always comes at the end, with any further description placed before it. 

A phrase of this "noun1のnoun2" form acts more or less like one big noun. You can put it wherever you can put  a noun. 

Example:
	*==武石さんのお母さん==は==高校の先生==です。* ==Takeshi's mother== is a ==high school teacher==. 

#### Culture Notes

##### 日本人の名前 [Japanese Names]

When Japanese give their names, they usually say their family names first before their first names (middle names don't exist). Japanese name are usually writte in kanji, often related to nature or geographical features. 

##### 表現ノート

- ***あの*** — this indicates that you have some redervations of what you are going to say next. You may be worried about interrupting someone currently doing something or sounding rude or impolite by asking personal questions. 
- ***はい/ええ*** — *はい* is more formal, *ええ* is more conversational and relaxed, *うん* is for more informal situations. *はい* is also used to respond to a knock to the door or to the calling of one's name. 
- ***そうですか*** — this acknowledges that you have understood what has been said. "Is that so?" or "I see."
- ***Pronunciation of は*** — The particle は is pronounced as "wa" not "ha." It should be written with は. こんにちは and こんばんは are usually written with は.
- ***Numbers*** — many number words have more than one pronunciation
	- **0** ゼロ and れい　are both commonly used
	- **1** いち、but pronounced as いっ in いっぷん (one minute) and いっさい (one year old)
	- **2** に all the time
	- **3** さん all the time. The part that follows it may change shape, like さんぶん instead of さんふん.
	- **4** よん is the most basic, but fourth-year student is よねんせい and four o'clock is よじ. Sometimes, it may be pronounced as し. The part that follows this may also change shape, like よんぶん.
	- **5** ご all the time
	- **6** ろく, but pronounced as ろっ in ろっぷん
	- **7** なな is the most basic, but seven o'clock is しちじ
	- **8** はち but usually pronounced as はっぷん and はっさい
	- **9** きゅう is the most basic, but nine o'clock is くじ
	- **10** じゅう, but pronounced as じゅうっ or じっ in じゅっぷん/じっぷん and じゅうっさい/じっさい
- ***Giving one's telephone number*** — The particle の is usually placed in between the local exchange code or the last four digits. 
- ***せんせい*** — the word せんせい is usually reserved for describing someone else's occupation. 私は先生です makes sense but sounds slightly arrogant, because the word せんせい actually means "honorable master." If you are a teacher, and if you really want to be modest, you can use the word "*教師*" instead. 
- ***さん*** — placed after a name as a generic title. It goes both with given name and family name. Children are referred to as ちゃん (boys are usually くん) rather than さん. さん and other title words are never used to reference oneself. 
- ***Referring to the person you are talking to*** — the word for "you", あなた, is not commonly used in Japanese. Instead, we use the name and a title like さん and せんせい to refer to the person you are talking to. 