status: #adult 
tags: [[japanese]] [[course]] [[study]] [[culture]]

## 文法

### 1. これ それ あれ どれ

***これ*** : thing that is close to you, the speaker ("this thing here")
***それ*** : thing that is close to the person you're talking to ("that thing in front of you")
***あれ*** : thing that is neither close to the speaker nor the listener ("that one over there")
***どれ*** : "which"

==Note:== You must use the particle が instead of は for question words どれ and なに

### 2. この/その/あの/どの + noun

***このnoun (は~)*** : close to the person speaking
***そのnoun (は~)*** : close to the person listening
***あのnoun (は~)*** : far from both people
***どのnoun (が~)*** : unknown

### 3. ここ そこ あそこ どこ

***ここ*** : here, near me
***そこ*** : there, near you
***あそこ*** : over there
***どこ*** : where 

### 4. だれのnoun

The question word for "whose" is simply だれ with added particle の next to it.

### 5. noun も

Both sentences would be the same structure except we use the particle も. も is a particle that indicates that that item, too, has the given property. Be careful where you place も in the sentence as it isn't placed after the sentence has been stated.

> *A は X です。* A is X.
> *B も X です。* B too is X. 

### 6. nounじゃないです

To negate a statement of the form X は Y です, where Y is a noun, you replace です with じゃないです. 

じゃないです is very colloquial. The more formal replacement for ないです is ありません. じゃ is a contraction of では, which is more formal and more appropriate in the written language.

じゃありません — more conservative speech style
ではありません — formal, appropriate for writing

### 7. ~ね/~よ

Statements often end with the tags ね or よ, depending on the way the speaker views the interaction with the listener.

If the speaker is seeking the listener's confirmation or agreement to what has been said, then ね ("right?") could be added.

よ ("I tell you") is added to a statement if the speaker wants to assure the listener of what has been said. With よ added, a statement becomes an authoritative decree. 

##### 表現ノート

- ***(~を)ください*** — "Please give me X." You can use it to request (concrete) items in general.
- ***(~を)おねがいします*** — a request for item X. It sounds slightly more upscale than ください. It is heard often when ordering food at restaurants. This can also be used to ask for "abstract objects" such as repairs, explanations, and understanding.
- ***(~を)どうぞ*** — is used when an offer is made with respect to item X. It may also be used when a person is waiting for you to come forth with item X. 
- ***Big numbers*** — Japanese uss the marker for tens of thousands (万). Thus, 20,000 is 二万 (= 2 x 10,000) rather than 二十千 (= 20 x 1,000). 百万 is 100 x 10,000. 