status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Sorry if I was only able to write now, it's been 36 hours since I haven't touched you, Journal (that came out wrong). I wanted to write yesterday when I got home but my friends invited me to eat at their house. I wasn't expecting them to open up a bottle of wine. I always said I'm not drinking if there aren't any adults around, but it seems like I broke that goddamn rule. Of course, I drank, like, half a cup. So, I went home by 5. I was tired, damn tired, but I wasn't tipsy. I woke up at 2:30 AM-ish because I was hungry, there was no food so I just went back to sleep then here I am. It's weird. Due to my extreme exhaustion, I couldn't feel my body when I woke up, I was disoriented. Perhaps I slept like a log? I had a long dream, different dreams in one sleep, I'm trying to remember all of it so I can write it down, hopefully. It's weird that I know I'm hungry but I don't FEEL like I'm hungry at all. This is a **crappy** journal page I know. (With only this picture to get by). But don't blame, I was pretty fucking tired yesterday and I'm hungry as fuck. I was pissed and frustrated yesterday on Math time. I made that one mistake because I was dumb, so dumb. I can't believe I missed that. The last solution for that is 370 divided by 10 and I wrote, the answer is 10. Why did I write 10? God, I think it was karma. Because I teased my classmate of his 2 mistakes. But no, I think it's me. I'm becoming stupid and less sharp. I'm sick and tired of the attitudes of the people in that goddamn forsaken school. I want to be out of there immediately. I'm gonna update again later and if I rememvered my dreams. 