status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

These stickers wanted so badly to be sticked, and so I did the honor. I haven't an entry this day so here I am, I hope you're doing well. I still haven't thought of a name for you. You're either a boy or a girl. You're a unisex, that's for sure. As you can see I'm not writing in between the lines but ON the lines. Today is fiesta in Pateros. ***HAPPY FIESTA!!!*** It's too bad that my mom's religion don't celebrate fiestas so we're stuck ar home watching fireworks and parades instead of joining the fun and eating fiesta foods. But despite that, I was surprisingly happy, I didn't get to do much chores and I went out to look for potential journal and I found one particular journal I liked which costs 400 pesos and 9 assorted color pens which costs 140 pesos so 400 + 140 = 540 pesos is what I have to save. That's easy-peasy (hopefully). It's a teal-colored hard-bound journal that has a lot of pages (blank ones). Enough for a whole year. I wanted so badly to buy that. It's where the *real* journaling starts by the end of February and the start of March. (Sorry my pen ran out of ink) so maybe I'd save 50 or maybe 60 a month (a week). It's been a pretty loud and fast day. Different music and karaoke people here and there. It was loud and noisy but the day was fun and dopey. I found out my lil sis's friend, Rhyme, apeaks fluent (but basic) English. lol I got awkward and can't speak English at all. It's like in my head I can but I can't really say it. It's sad. And wow, this pen runs out of ink very fast. Imma start on the next page though. ***BYE***! 