---
growth: "[[adult]]"
entryTitle: the ghost baby on the 2nd floor
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2018]]"
  - "[[dream]]"
dateCreated: 2018-05-11
dayCreated: Friday
timeCreated: 18:18
---
Today, I dreamt a lot. First dream, I'm at class. We read a passage and answered a test with no choices. It's Filipino subject so I'm kknda having difficulties. And like a miracle, Jaime was there beside me and helped me answer. I was happy. And by dismissal time, there were club meetings. All my friends are part of clubs so I waited for them. I was roaming around the campus when I saw my classmates, looking at something near the bathrooms at the first floor, I asked them, what it was and they told me it's the ghost of the baby running back and forth. I looked and indeed, it ws a transparent ghost baby running back and forth. I just said it's harmless and went the other way. I'm still roaming around when I saw the senior high students still haven't gone home yet. Guess they're part of the clubs. But then, I saw my ex-crush Julia with her friends. I shrugged and walked back to my classmates. But instead of them alone, the principal and 3 guards, looking horrified, were standing there. Then, the principal said, "Look down the 2nd floor." The ghost baby must've went to the 2nd floor. Then realization hit me. My friends are at 2nd floor! So I stood back and tried calling to them but they couldn't hear me. I need to get to them. I noticed the guards sitting at the staircase next to the locked 2nd floor. I asked them to open the door but they declined politely. So I just sat down with them. There was a little distinct choking sound that we heard behind us but we dismissed it because we heard the other gate broke down. We ran there and saw my friends running the other direction so I followed them and went to an alternative route; then we finally got to the building. The gusrd beside me earlier ran up to me and said something thag triggered the chills. "Remember when we heard the choking sound behind us earlier? It was the ghost baby and it was trying to show us how he died."

2nd dream, we were vacationing at my grandma's house in Antipolo. We were watching a movie in one room (weirdly, my relatives of my father's side are the ones with us) then I got up to pee. I asked my little sister to come with me and she happily obliged. They teased me that I was a coward but I didn't care, I just wanna pee. While peeing (we opened all the lights along the way lol), this old man's ghost suddenly popped out of nowhere behind the curtains and gave me a metal-kind of contraption to put on my genitalia. We were scared and ran back to the room, the metal contraption on and my shorts still on my knees. They all laughed at me and the metal contraption although they believed my story. Me and my siblings were freaked out though some frantically packed our things but my uncle informed us we can't go back at this time (it was night) unless we want to walk from here to the nearest bus station which is a long walk from here. So we just sat down defeated. 

I also dreamed about superheroes. We were superheroes, me and my siblings and we were part of the Avengers. We're tryna kill this huge opponent and we were flying. 

And lastly, I dreamed about us moving in to another house. I went outside to buy a cup of coke, two muffins and some random bread. When I went back, my brother stole my drink, then my mum informed us that we're going to another house... again. I sighed. Here we go again. Mom informed hs that we were moving to a rather shady place. "A smoking trip place," she said it was a former French hideout where soldiers smoke and just sit wherever. Now it's a small sickness-prone area. I sighed, this is gonna be a nightmare. Then, the dream ends there. 

> Btw, I suddenly remembered the dream I had where I dove into the water in the flooded parking area. The parking area surrounds a small opening area and it's flooding really high. Idk I just felt... weird. I swam to the bottom of the parking lot. 