status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[vent]]

Today has been a pretty frustrating day. You know when you're too angry, mad, frustrated but you can't vent about it out nor blame it on people so you just sit there holding back, deep breathing with this largest rock stuck down tour throat that you never realized your lips quiver and tears glaze over your eyes? Well, that's exactly what happened earlier. Let me back track. 

Again, today is the day when we'd have to return our books, right? So I know I have 2 books missing. But yesterday night, my good friend Louie got 2 extra books; English and Math (exactly what I needed). And so, I asked if I can have it but he said he'd have to wait and talk to my classmates first. And so, the request is left open. He didn't exactly say if I could have it or not so I think I'd have to pay for it. My adviser/the fucking dinosaur did not indicate whether w'd have to pay for the books first before we take the exams or no exams at all (she said thay in a disgusting bellowy voice). So I didn't bring extra money with me because I didn't think I'd have to pay for it immediately... But then, shit happened. Pay for the books or no exams at all and get out of the room. So, me and my friends got no choice... we'd have to go back home, get some money and take the test. Then we agreed to chat for updates what we're doing, where we were, etc etc. And so I stayed online. AND WITHOUT A SINGLE TEXT FROL THEM FOR AN HOUR. And so, I ranted to my parents first, requested for money, ate, pooped; did everything while waiting! "Fuck this shit," I said "I'm going out whether they're not ready or not." So, I took my time because I didn't think they were there already... Well, I was wrong. They were 1 fucking hour ahead of me without a goddamn chat or update and they're ignorant about it, like DAMN. You have no shame, huh? But of course, I just took it all to myself. So I took 4 tests, 4 subjects in 1 hour, I was so stressed. I didn't even read much from the tests. I just answered out of intuition... ever. MATH and ENGLISH, my favorite subjects... And that Riñon looks at me with pity and then she suddenly became sweet to me like she fucking cared and showed sympathy, it makes me disgusted. And not even, my classmate's fucking attitudes relieved my sour mood; the teasing and everything... (Although some were kind). I was so pissed and I was doing a good job keeping it in... until...

My adviser suddenly announced that the books do not cost ₱100 each... My books only cost ₱70 pesos AND I got ₱120 only back... They why did I even bother going back home?... :| 

And then there's this one thing where we need a xerox copy of our NSO (Birth Certificate) because apparently, our adviser subtly lost it... WHICH SHE LATER FINDS IN ONE OF HER DRAWERS. When I already pushed my mom to go to the city hall to get a new one because mu original copy is a requirement in APEC. I'm just glad she hasn't arrived at the city hall to get a new one... God, this fucking teacher. 

## AND IT DIDN'T FUCKING HELP THAT I WAS HUNGRY AS FUCK. 

Later that day, we went out to eat and I accompanied my friend to buy stuff... just to clear up my mind (and because I got money). It helped, actually... kinda. We ate (I ate a lot) @ ministop. Then Louie went home so me and Jellaicah went to Estancia. At first, we were all laughs. We went to NBS, bought stuff (me with my watercolor pad and paintbrushes). And I kinda regretted buying expensive stuffs, it strained my lunch/school money... And then there was this art exhibit inside the wall that I enjoyed and got me inspired (and I regret not going inside... it was FREE FUCKING ADMISSION.) Jellaicah insisted to let me teach her the High School Musical moves, just the chorus part. So I contemplated, but taught her it... but she wanted more. But I really wanna be out of there and I felt like pooping, really. So, I really wanna go home. Then she got all mad &  quiet with me (complete with scowl and rolling eyes) like she doesn't have any fault earlier with me. She even said she pities me for what happened earlier! What a B to the ch, right? God, I was so damn pissed thag I didn't care if we didn't talk on the way home, like I didn't speak, neither of us did. So I just walked ahead first. And when she first rode the jeep, I didn't give a single fuck, I wanted to be alone with me and music. And so I did. 

I went home, there are a lot of deliciois PATEROS food (which I'm thankful to my mom with) and read this new Camren fic on Wattpad because zi want to sleep all night but I regret not buying coffee though. 

P.S. My friend Isabelle blocked me for no fucking reason (IDGAF) & my other friend Kristine was ignorant, too & my other friend Louie thinks it's all his fault, oh he's just too cute. But I reminded it's not his fault. :)