---
growth: "[[adult]]"
entryTitle: recollection day at school
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2018]]"
  - "[[family]]"
  - "[[optimism]]"
  - "[[school]]"
  - "[[religion]]"
  - "[[bond]]"
dateCreated: 2018-02-16
dayCreated: Friday
timeCreated: 16:31
---
It's recollection day. I got up an hour and 10 minutes after my alarm. I didn't really panic though, it was only 6:10 AM and it starts by 8. I got ready and all, didn't really feel like going. There was no terminal line because it was a holiday after all (Chinese New Year). Everybody be lookin' at me funny cuz they thought there are classes but we just have money a seminar (why did I put money). When we got there, we were lent sticker name tags (below is the name tag which I accidentally tore because it's fragile af). And I was super hungry I didn't eat breakfast. Kinda pissed because Ampere (pilot section) wore their section shirts (which is mint green btw) when strictly the dress code is white or PE t-shirt. Of course, the head teacher is their adviser so they're a bit tad spoiled; they even had a class photoshoot by the end of the seminar (with that Santos). Typical VIP shit. What a bunch of twats, typical popular highschool pilot section, can't believe I was friends with most of them. Kids think the world loves them, their heads up in the clouds. They don't know shit and they're still a bunch of cute (ew) kids. So anyway, about the seminar I said, "Let's just get this over with and eat that lunch I paid for and let's get outta here." 

It was past 8 and we still haven't started (no equipment and all yet). I was pretty bored, so I read my book and it was damn noisy in that fucking room (especially my friend who is fucking "*bida-bida*" beside me, don't know why I'm friends with her, lately she's been a pain in the ass). So, we started, our speaker and lecturer is named "Brother Richard" (religious name, he said so casually like it's a thing but later reveals his real name was McBryan). He is a funny and outgoing guy with a nice loud voice. He can be serious if he has to. He tells jokes a lot and the lecture about God, being human, commandments, it went well. We sang songs (I particularly liked next in line), learned claps, then finally ate our McDo meals; without extra lid and that shitty water bottle that tasted like shit (which I only did bottle flips). The best part was the interrogating part where we had to close our eyes and let the Buddha's voice the only one registering in our brains from our ears (and that intense piano music). At first, I was contemplating. I wonder if he's just another one of those Christ-obsessed preachers that lives a boring life and hypnotizes people so a part of me is stopping me from cooperating (maybe my ego). But then I caved in. I may be a tough cookie on the outside (lol literally ate cookie 5 minutes ago) but on the inside I'm a complete softie. Oh, and before that part, he told his life story which was pretty inspiring and so relatable. Let me make it short: they were once a happy family but then his mom was actually a drug addict so things turned to shit; they ~~didn't~~ stopped school, lived like shit until their father took them from their drug-addicted mom to keep them from dying — they lived in a van until they graduated college and did boom-booms. And then after that, he went and find his mom, he later found her at a flea market selling chicken feed and told her he was her son. The mother went and cried and hugged him, and he admitted he held a grudge with her mother back then. He was irritated and disgusted by her, but he regret that; because he said that she is still his mother after everything and if not because of her, he wouldn't be there telling us his story. I can relate to so much levels with my father. I nearly cried at that part, my throat was burning; tears threatening to spill out. Gladly, I held my horses (kept my emotions stable).

And on to the last part, we closed our eyes and imagined, I let down my guards, and became open. Not really a "cool move" but don't judge me. I'm not egotistical and prideful to maintain likeable image just to ~~maintain~~ entertain other people. Just by the start of it, I didn't think I would cry out then suddenly, fucking uncontrollable wet stream of tears ran down my cheeks (and wet snot). I couldn't stop it. My emotions, my emotions were spilling out and I didn't bother wiping it off, I can feel someone looking (I bet it's that shit beside me) and lotsa shitting about (even at the boys' area) because hey, family is a sensitive topic to me, okay? Ever since long ago. So, I cried and realized how I'm taking everything for granted. Then I realized what if one day they just disappear, not remembering the last time I hugged them, kissed them, saying I love you, and happy birthday to them, it made me more emotional and I suddenly had the strongest urge to hug them all; with the mix of will. I couldn't wait to go home.

When we were done, my seatmate Kristine just boasted how she didn't cry and how funny it is to see everyone crying like the thick-face she is. Like I can't judge yet but that mofo's heartless as fuck and my patience is wearing thin. Fast forward when I finally got home, I first saw my sister outside, I side-hugged her. Then my little brother, I patted his back. Then to my father, I blessed him then I hugged him. Then I went inside and patted my older brother's back, my mom was sleeping but I later hugged her (then she asked if I was sick because it was such a rare thing to do) then I ate. God, how it feels so good to me. It's like a weight kind of lifted off my back. It was kinda awkward but I swallowed my pride and hoped for a change. Now, here I am writing and I felt good, I might sleep later but mom will be cooking my favorite dish today (*adobong manok*) which she suggested. And I'm in a good mood; not even the hot weather, my itchy hair, my messy bed, my load expiration, and uncomfy sweat can down my mood. Life is good.