status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[family]]

We just got home from dinner (the last one) w/ family. We were actually complete earlier. We ate dinner, we were so bloated. But before we got there, we took too long. First, we were finding the key to our house, then the first Grab driver cancelled the booking after waiting for 20 minutes then the next Grab driver went the wrong way; worst, the traffic one. After that, we got lost in Glorietta and our destination is supposed to be at Green Belt. And after like 2 hours and so, we arrived... and they're still not there. So, we had to wait for everyone to eat. Let's just say it was worth the wait. We ate happily, my stomachs are happy. We talked happily until 10 PM. After that, I was sad because I thought we were already going home (I was afraid to stay overnight at the condo because I didn't bring my charger) but we suddenly stopped at **TIMEZONE**. And I was so shocked because our tita let us play and god, how much money was used. We played A LOT. My first one is The Walking Dead, piano stuff. Then suddenly, I found **GUITAR HERO**. I played for like 5 times; they were cheering for me because they said I was good. I needed more practice since I can't click the buttons right. But the adrenaline of playing the game and the feeling of music; god it was so euphoric; I felt like a rockstar. I was nodding with the guitar riffs. I swear I'm gonna play next time. After that, we played a few other games. The last one is a battle between me, kuya Jan-Jan, kuya Tam and tita Jane, racing. And I got last place lol. It's my first time playing, don't blame me! Then we went home (god, it was my first time using a vending machine!) Then we took family pictures, it really felt like we were family. My dad almost caused a scene with the unprofessional taxi drivers but we went through. It's just the 4 of us (mom, dad, me and my lil bro) because my oldest brother and youngest sister remained at the condo (well, because they're eldest and youngest). And soon, my mom dropped off to work so it's just the 3 of us left. We went home, I took a bath, and here I am! I might just catch up with the things I left off... I don't really feel like sleeping so.. bye! 

P.S. My accuracy rate in Guitar Hero is ***98%***
P.P.S. God, I was so addicted.