---
growth: "[[child]]"
entryTitle: photorealism is not for me
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2018]]"
  - "[[art]]"
  - "[[essay]]"
dateCreated: 2018-04-18
dayCreated: Wednesday
timeCreated: 19:52
---
Today, I realized something and it will change my ways of art, the perspective of creating and the artistic way of feeling. Photorealism (not hyperrealism because it's completely different) isn't my cup of tea. Here, let me explain to you the difference. ***Photorealism*** predates hyperrealism, based and dependent on high-resolution photographs, strictly adheres to photographic realism and details and only uses two-dimensional media for reinterpreting photographs. While in ***hyperrealism***, it's originated from photorealism, uses other references aside from photographs, does not strictly adhere to photographic references and may include social commentaries and uses other media such as sculpture. So, basically, all my life, ever since I was a kid, I thought copying pictures, drawings, and portraits is the way of being a "true artist". I say to myself, "focus on every detail, practice everyday, catch every single thing and you'll have the perfect imitation" and that is WRONG. I've spent 16 years thinking I'm on the right track and not listening to my inner self. And if I'm being honest to myself, while working on drawing portraits and photographs, I always find myself getting bored or not having enough motivation to finish my work and I'm not enjoying it; I'm not even kidding. I usually have little fun and only getting enjoyment in the satisfaction of creating an "almost accurate" drawing version of the photo while I do get enjoyment on leisure drawing and creating my own stuff. I question myself of not being an artist, not being good enough in arts and arts not being my passion because K get bored and how wrong I was. Photorealism has become too mainstream (and too overrated for my liking, especially in the Philippines) that it has become the basis of being "an excellent artist" and in the process of making it, people tend to forget their voice, their essence and emotions being put into the piece. It only evokes awe and admiration in a photorealistic piece, not evoking negative nor positive emotions in the drawing. Making photorealistic drawing requires lots of time, effort, and technical skills to be put together, for it to become exactly how the chosen photo looks like, and I don't think it's for me. I'm in the road of finding my own style of art, my self in the form of creating art and I don't think photorealism is for me. I want to make my own art, not just mimic pictures. So, yeah, officially leaving the old ways here!

Art is often perceived as a way of detachment from the reality, a key to unlocking some hidden meaning in the world that surrounds us. And I'm glad I have opened my eyes and not limit myself to just one possibility; although a bit late but oh well.