status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[money]]

I seriously have a problem with saving money. I buy a lot of things. I get itchy when I got money with me. Whenever I see something along the way that I know I can afford, interests me or something new to try and show off, or maybe new food that I haven't tasted yet, I'd buy it without second thought. Or load. God, mobile prepaid load consumes my money a LOT. Since we don't have Wi-Fi connection at home, I'd have to load my phone at a FAR fucking AWAY sari-sari store and register different shit every other day. It sucks because the internet is limited and I'd have to save it as well along with my money, considering I also consume a lot of internet megabytes. Another factor is the "*paluwagan*" at school. 20 pesos a day and one person will get their allowance every Friday. I can't even maintain that shit because I spend a lot at school. Food at school make me sick, I want new food and yet I still buy a lot because I'm lways fucking hungry and I like to keep my mouth stuffed with food. Another factor of my money saving deficiency is my friends. God, I can't say no to them whenever they want to hang out after class and eat outside. I tend to spend a lot more than I should, whenever that happens. I keep saying to myself that I should save money even if it's only 5 pesos a day but I just can't. I end up spending it again and again and again for countless times. I always say "I'd start on Monday" or "I swear to God I will do it on the start of December" but I. JUST. CAN'T. I really don't have self-discipline when it comes to money. I can't help it, there's too much stuff around that I wanna own and too much food that I wanna eat. At this point, I won't buy the things I have to buy (and especially the things in my To-Buy list). I'm turning 18 soon, I have to be independent but I can't do that when I keep being dependent, anxious, shy little piece of unicorn. I want to live independently but I can't even help myself. I should go change that soon. 