---
growth: "[[baby]]"
entryTitle: SOULMATES
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2018]]"
  - "[[soulmates]]"
  - "[[romance]]"
dateCreated: "2018"
dayCreated:
timeCreated:
---
I've always wondered what it would feel like if you first met your soulmate. Is it true that sparks will fly via Taylor Switft? Will you immediately feel that strong pull? That powerful connection and you both knew that you are meant for each other? I always think about that. And how it feels to be with them, to look at them, to touch them, to meet them... even fantasized about it. I might just be obsessed with finding that person. If only there was a way to come and meet them... Or maybe I've already met them? I've always had this sense of longing for my soulmate, always. Maybe it's an indication that I still haven't met them yet... But I know they are out there somewhere. I've always thought that the universe and this unexplainable feeling for the galaxies and space has a connection with soulmates. A theory that some people are drawn to each other because their atoms keep coming back together, think about that for a sec. It's not impossible. And I've always thought things are **way** more than science and magic and religious stuff, I have that mindset, I don't know what it's called. It must feel wonderful, being with your soulmate. It doesn't specifically have to be a romantic partner; it could be a friend, a family member, or even a random stranger. Just someone that you can connect with deeply, not just with your heart or your brain.. it's like you become one and you can mesh into one body anytime. It's like a crazy level of telepathy. You completely understand each other, no words are explained. You can do anything and everything with them and it just feels right, you know it's right.You can spend eternity with them. You can love forever, even in afterlife or in the next life, you'll still find one another. You're inseparable. It myst feel glorious. Like you're so full with life, you can't ask for anything more and I think that's wonderful. And I long for that. I want to find my soulmate and be with them. Although I try my best to not exactly obsess over it because I'm nearly over the edge (keep it together, gurl). I dream of it always and I imagine it always. Maybe time will come and I'll meet them... and life will be perfect. And together, we'll float through the vast and endless universe, just basking and enjoying the presence of one another. Nothing can ever be perfect than that. 