status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[fandom]]

Like any other people (okay well maybe not all people) I have my set of obsessions and it so happens that I get obsessed with people, too. To the point that I stock pictures and videos of them and they're all I think about. They are 2 wonderful people. Here they are:

First off, there is Kim Taeyeon. Turning 20 this March 9. And I ***LOVE*** her so much. I treasure her. I admire her. I look up to her so much. She's an artist, a solo singer, a member of a girl group called Girls' Generation. She is my love, my life, my everything. She is a humble person, very lovable, she's an introvert. She was depressed once, I'm not sure if until now, I just hope not. She cares for people, even if just her fans, the fans means so much to her. She's an honest, strong and independent woman. Very admirable and my role model. Every little thing she does makes me fall in love with her deeper and with every second that passes by, my love for her grows stronger. She is a precious being. I would love to meet her someday. I don't care how long it takes, even if we're both old and wrinkly. I just want to meet her, or maybe get to know her and chat with coffee or tea, maybe. 

First and foremost, she is the prettiest. Like she is the most beautiful Asian ever in history. Her Korean beauty is the most noticeable. Her eyes are the most beautiful, down to her button-like nose and her ever-so-plump lips. Her ears have several piercings here and there, and her jawline. Oh god, her defined and prominent, sharp jawline that can cut pizzas. She has a petite and thin frame, but she can be hot and sexy. She is very cute and adorable without even trying, she's a natural cutie pie. Despite different tattoos inked across different parts of her body, she emits an innocent aura in her. She is drop deas gorgeous. Even in pre-debut days. She is the first member to have *sasaengs* following her around, until now she has the most fans (and instagram followers). 

Second of all, her singing. She is the most emotional singer I've ever met. She is very passionate and she is very devited to her music and pours so much of her soul into her voice. When I first heard her sing, one of her ballad, it brought me to tears. When she sings with her eyes closed, you know shit's about to get real. Fans are about to cry, she is just very passionate with what she doe, and she does it for her fans and I think it's wonderful. Her voice is rich, strong and powerful, definitely one of the best out there. She inspired me to sing more and put more emotion into singing (in which I lack). 

Third, is her personality. She is the most kindhearted person I've ever met. She is definitely an introvert but she can also be fun and outgoing at times. People find her boring because all she does is color books and play with her dogs (Ginger and Zero, black poodles) but to hell with them, she is perfect. She cares for everyone and is a very lovable person. She is mostly dorku (not the weird kind of dorky but the cutesy kind of dorky). And her laugh, oh god her laugh. It's one of her biggest asset; her *ahjumma* laugh. And her childish smile. She is a brave but fragile person. Fierce but cute and adorable. I love her so much.

Kim Taeyeon is the reason why I got into K-Pop and Girls' Generation (and TaeNy!!). Taeyeon is there when I got lost in life. She may not be there physically but she is there in my heart. Only God knows how much impact she had in my life and I can't even express it in words. She is just the love of my life. I only wish for her happiness and the best in life.

Next stop is the beautiful, fierce, and sophisticated Lauren Michelle Jauregui Morgado. You might be wondering why I'm writing with this green pen, right? Because Lauren is special. I got captivated by her hypnotizing green eyes. "Don't let Lauren from planet green eyes attack you." as Camila said. But sorry Mila, I already got captivated. Lauren is the second and recent person I got obsessed with. I knew her because of Camren (sorry for my gay heart). And then I became a fan of Fifth Harmony. I fell in love with her because of her unbelievably good looks. She is so charming, she is like a Greek goddess. Her messy but fabulous hair, her well-defined nose, her perfect lips, and her eyes, god, her eyes. Green-blue slightly gray eyes are piercing. Her laugh is also everything. I just met her this Januaey but I'm falling even more in love with her. Her personality is not much that great, she is sassy and rude, but she is a kind person with good heart, she likes to stand up for herself and for what is right; she voices out her opinions and is not afraid. She is a brave and a strong person. We have so much in common, like ***SO MUCH***. First of all, we like correcting other people's grammars. Like, it bothers me
so much when other people's grammar is incorrect (ehem grammar Nazi ehem). We both like kittens, cats, loves to read, loves bread to death, always charges phone, loves *The 1975* and *The Script*, being forgetful, is bisexual and a LOT of other things (I just forgot what those are lol) but seriously, we are so alike, it's almost scary. She is a girl full of tattoos and piercings but that doesn't make her less of a person. I love her (but not as much as Taeyeon.) But I'm slowly falling to the Lauren pit. She can also sing well, her raspy, husky and deep voice. In the beginning, it wasn't that scratched, but she smokes weed (I still love her though). And God, you can't even believe her amount of sex appeal. She is level 1000 hot and sexy. She is the epitome of beauty and a goddess, I love Lauren so much. I wish to meet her someday, as well and I wish her happiness, especially with every relationship she has. 