---
growth: "[[child]]"
entryTitle: the philippine jeepney (types)
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2018]]"
  - "[[essay]]"
  - "[[philippines]]"
dateCreated: "2018"
dayCreated:
timeCreated:
---
I ride the jeepney every morning for the past almost 3 years. My school is a 30-minute trip from home and 100,000 km away (jk). Usually I ride jeepneys by 5:30 AM but recently I go to the terminal by 6:00 AM so I have to wait long-ass lines for me to ride it (either MRT or Quiapo). I got plenty of experiences with it so let's start with the types of jeeps. There is *shaman* (9), *dyis* (10), *onse* (11), and *labindalawa* (12). Conductors usually pack us with fucking 25 people in that goddamn jeep. I once became a victim of being a 1/8er (I'd like to call it) wherein only 1/8 of my butt is seated, me pretending I am sitting so I don't get humiliated. There are also open-aired jeepneys or closed fucking "don't see the light" jeepneys anymore. There are "jeepneys to heaven" where we travel by the speed of light.

Now, there are also kinds of drivers. Let's start off with that driver with the scrutinizing stare and judger that thinks you haven't paid yet. The fucking DJ where the jeepney is a travelling club, you need to shout for the driver to hear you or break the roof. Or that deaf *manong* that needs to clean ears, there are living species inside his ears. And that overly friendly guy that talks to everyone (even inanimate objects) all smiles. In contrast is the hot-headed driver that like to bang people and is on his period. Or that fucking *manong* (I most hate) is the organize *manong* that collects the *bayad* from left to right (he secretly has OCD). And that random *manong* that changes face when you look somewhere else (A+). 

Of course, along with different types of drivers, there are different types of passengers. Let's start with the students (like me); the quiet ones, the studious ones, and what I hate the most; the goddamn loud and boisterous ones like STFU people. There are the attractive ones; chix and wafus that we usually stare at. The damn *manyaks* that can't control their hormones and liked to touch, stare, and take pictures (worst one yet). The *mataray* and feeling *mayaman* old ladies or young adults that I like to *ngudngud* their faces on *lupa* (those *maarte* ones). Those with loud-ass music (I belong to this one sometimes). The gentleman, the 1/8er victims, or the 1-2-3 (which scrutinizing judger driver looks out for). The team *sabit* is the hardworking. They balance themselves on that small step-spaces. But they annoy me whenever I seat the near end, they block the view. The damn deep sleepers; if you're unlucky enough, they'll find your shoulder comfy enough to sleep on. The damn hair people that advertises shampoo & conditioners but on your face. They tell you to eat their long-ass hairs (which I've almost a part of). And there are those rude-ass bitches that gets annoyed with little things. And there are those leather faces that complains about the cramped space like duh, rent your own fucking limo if you don't like invading your personal space. The rich, that gives 500 to 1000 peso bills. The senior citizens and the kids that likes to be all touchy-feely with you (and babies). But then there are the normal people (fuck the druggies and the drunkards) that just needs to ride the cheap jeep to go to their destinations, like a normal person would (like me).

But despite everything, jeepneys have always been a part of our culture. Although I want developed jeepneys snd say no to black smoke, let us embrace wonderful jeeps (not really, ew) and be proud of what we have. It practices our patience (long ass patience) and integrity (passing *bayad* and letting seniors go inside). **The Filipino love is when the driver didn't hear your "*para po*" then the passengers get the attention of the driver and when the passengers say "*may sasakay pa*" to the driver that starts the engine when you're getting on and I think that's wonderful.** We are love. **==MABUHAY PILIPINO==** (even if I'm semi-not Filipino lol). More fun in the Philippines (not). 