status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[vent]] 

This is our teacher in TLE, Cookery; Ms. Galang. Not to be fucking rude or insulting, but this goddamn pig has pulled my buttons, sending me to my limit and driving me to the edge. (She looks exactly like that). She is the worst shit ever, I don't even think she deserves to be called a teacher. Her name literally means "respect" but I don't thinks she's all respectable. Her attitude is more than any woman with PMS, premarital pregnancy and grinch combined with extra bipolarness and rudeness. Don't even start with her goddamn fabulous appearance. Okay, I don't have anything against fat and obese people but damn, she's so fat when she sat on a rainbow she made skittles. She's so fat even Dora can't explore her. She's so fat, if she buys a fur coat, the whole species will become extinct. SHE'S SO FAR, THAT EVEN HER FAT FLABS HAVE FLABS MULTIPLYING AND BUILDING A COMMUNITY INSIDE THEM. And her half-assed fucking performance in teaching and keeping students in check. She just lets us write acres of lessons and when she discusses, she just read the damn text and give trivial facts that everyone knows ohmygod. And when cooking, doing lab reports. she doesn't even check on us(just until 4th grading) and just waits for the damn food to be cooked and she'll eat it when no one's watching (why you even shy). And god, how so much of our time is wasted in her class doing NOTHING. And if there is, we goddamn clean the kitchen AND her room lke fuck, we are students, not school staff, we didn't sign up for this shit!!!

## *MORE RANTS, BEWARE.*

She's always so mad at us whenever we're late or absent when the truth is she has more goddamn frequent lates and absences THAN ME. And her rudeness, GOD, HER RUDENESS. It makes me want to TKO her fatass into a fucking mud puddle while slam dunking her in a ball hoop (but she'll get stuck so). And she does EVERYTHING, in her power and weak-ass excuses just to not let us have fucking good grades even though we've done everything. SHE'S THE WORST TEACHER THERE CAN EVER BE. I'm so tired of her shit but I'm gonna keep up a little longer for my grades and after I'm done with 4th year, I'm gonna flip the bird on her and buy her a dildo from fucking NASA. I a so near to unleashing my beast on her, she'll be a roasted fucking pig. All she needs is an apple in her mouth. Goddamn fatass nigga. 