---
growth: "[[adult]]"
entryTitle: I'll just let her happily hoppity fuck off my life like a prancing dick-bunny.
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2018]]"
  - "[[vent]]"
  - "[[anger]]"
  - "[[friendship]]"
  - "[[school]]"
  - "[[autism]]"
dateCreated: 2018-04-23
dayCreated: Monday
timeCreated: 22:44
---
Remember that time on April 10th when I posted a long ass message to my "friend" Kristine's timeline because she requested it? I mean, it's a shocking request because I was planning to send it to her via PM. And she insisted I be the first one to greet her. So, because I'm a very devoted friend and to show her how much a friend she was to me, I fulfilled that request without questioning it. I nearly missed it because I was bonding with my siblings that time so I had to suddenly cut it off to make that stupid LSM. And so I posted it and I apologized for being a bit late. Strike 1: she only 'liked' it. Strike 2: She 'seen' my message. Strike 3: She didn't say anything and I mean ANYTHING about it at all. Well, fucking 13 days later, another friend told me about it. Kristine told her why she didn't do or say anything and that's because ENG! Strike 4: She said I was gullible........................right. Like what the fuck type of fucking snaggy ass-sucking motherfucker pokemon is she? I almost lost my cool but I tamed my rage and raged on the inside. She's the first fucking person that I met with no sense of gratitude, no sense of appreciation, ultimate level of douchebag-jerkiness and with a pride fucking higher than her wanna-be IQ level she can even beat pride rock. I kept my feelings and rants about her bottled up but this is just too much and the amount of fucking ego sky rocketed up to the clouds and smacked St. Joseph right up his buttcheeks that I had to give a word about it (on my journal). You know what I fucking think about her? Alright, I'm gonna be honest. I'm gonna be BRUTALLY honest. I think she is a ==fat useless sack of fucking yanky danky doodle shite==. Like I said, she has a pride and ego higher than Mount Olympus. She thinks "crying" is weak; and people who cry are pussies (and she laughs at people who cry thinking she's different and she's a tough cookie.) She thinks loving is weak and disgusting, as well. Oh, I know, it's because she's a stone-cold-hearted piece of appliance that functions like a fucking wanker-go-suck-a-dick. She acts tough and cool like "doesn't give a fuck" vibe thinking it'll make her look cooler well, guess what? "You look like an asshole! A hairy one!" And how she doesn't admit that she somehow likes the attention she gets like the fucking attention-seeker she is and she doesn't admit liking people because it might decrease her "cool"ness level like a fucking ice cube in Antartica. Oh, and she doesn't give respect to teachers (like laughs at them face front, disses them, talks back, etc.) thinking it'll make her look way cooler than everybody else and a bad-ass, well, guess what? You look like a fucking Michael Jackson duplicator wanna-be, you ain't gonna be the next pop king, you sad fetus. GO GET A LIFE. 

Don't get me wrong and saying I'm immature for ranting like a kid and doesn't understand shit well, fuck you, do I look like I give two flying love fucks? Because I'm well-aware of the situation she's in (with her family and all that shit) but don't you think it's nice to just KEEP THAT PAINFUL BONER TO YOURSELF AND STOP BEING A PAINFUL BONER TO EVERYBODY ELSE BECAUSE PEOPLE DON'T DO SHIT TO YOU? I mean, I wouldn't fucking care if she was "anyone else" but she is on talking terms with me, lives in my vicinity of living and being a complete ass-bug to mu friends, to me and to everybody else, well, fuck that blimey, Imma slap a bitch! So, she better put her shit together, eat the shit life presents to her and fucking fuck off from my life, please, toxic cock-sucking cancer virus. 

Ehem, okay, well, that's colorful. I just had to let it out. Of course, I won't say those to her and hurt her little vagina. I'll just let her happily hoppity fuck off my life like a prancing dick-bunny.