status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[morning]] 

For the first time in a long time, I willingly went out for a walk on a weekend morning. And I wasn't even wearing a bra. Daring, I know. The first thing I knew and thought when I stepped foot outside was, "Damn, it's fucking freezing, I should've brought a hoodie." But then I said, "Fuck it, the cold never bothered me anyway." I was walking along our neighborhood and I feel refreshed. I can see mostly old people; cooking breakfast and doing old... stuff. I see parents taking their kids for a walk, I see street sweepers, well, sweeping. I see people jogging and stretching. I see stray dogs sniffing here and there, and I'm still cold as fuck. I went out to the main road and not surprisingly, it was peaceful and quiet. No rushing and bustling of people; students and employees of all ages with fast footsteps, racing to the place they don't even want to be in, in the first place. Not so many jeepneys, tricycles and cars around, I nearly ran over by one, embarrassingly. I calmly crossed the street without the worry of a truck hitting me, only the bicycle riders were there. As I walked to the store; there were actually students waiting for a ride (but without a rush) maybe to their morning classes? I decided to go back. I crossed the street again, nearly contemplating on buying that yogurt drink I just passed by. Then, I went to the forbidden neighborhood (the one where my parents told me not to go to when alone a.k.a. the shortcut) but I was feeling a bit daring. It was a lot quieter than the street I usually stroll. I can actually feel and hear the birds flying around and chirping. My heartbeat in my ears and the crunching of the dried leaves I'm stepping on to. I passed by the Mormon's church, the graffitied walls, the white-painted walls, the canals, the cat poops and the trash dumpsites. My senses are hyperactive (or maybe it's just the strawberry-milk coffee). I turned left and right before I went to our main street, this well-groomed (I think lost, too! Dog is following me) and glanced at it from time to time but I think it was cute. I passed by that old house that no one lives that my mother wanted to live-in after renovatng it. I passed by another sweeper, and some spilled trash. The sun was rising, I can see it and I can feel sweat forming on my back, sticking on my black shirt. People looking at me funny, the look on their faces saying "Why is there a teenager strolling this time of morning when they should be on bed right now sleeping until noon because it's a weekend." Well, guess what, people! I'm not exactly a teenager, haha! (I think.) Oh well. People are waking up bu the minute and the dog was still following me for 2 minutes now although he's a little bit far away now. I even thought of buying bread from the usual store I buy bread from but decided against it. Someone greeted me a "Good Morning" (it was that construction guy that helped us move houses) and I can see he was genuine instead of pervert-y. So I refund a "maybe" genuine smile. He said something between the lines of "You're too early for--" but meh, maybe it's not important. I walked ahead and I was nearing our alleyway then I took a right turn. Before I knew it, I was back at the house; opening the door trying not to wake everyone up, and succeeded, yey! I took my watch and my shirt off, put on my tank top, put my change in my coin bank and then I'm here writing. The first thing I thought was "Damn, it was hot, I'm so glad I didn't bring a hoodie" I didn't regret the decision though, of walking out in the morning for a bit. I saw it. I saw everything. I saw the beauty of walking, peacefulness, the watering of plangs, brisk-walking, the flowers, morning breeze, birds chirping, people having their cup of morning coffee, exercises, stray dogs, the smell of fresh crisp cold morning air, the smell of bread and most importantly, the sunrise. For me, it symbolizes hope, a new beginning, the start of somthing beautiful and it was art. Along with the warm fuzzy rays that compliments the cold breeze and the combinaion of sky blue and pastel pink sky, accompanying it with the light-weight fog? I may like the sunrise just as I liked the sunset. 