status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I'm in the middle of watching (re-watching) ***Harry Potter: Order of the Phoenix*** and I just finished ***Goblet of Fire*** and I just suddenly had the urge to write down my thoughts. It's like a brain surge, actually; an itch (and I just HAD to write). I haven't written for like, I don't know, 2 or 3 days? I've been sick for about a day (fever and dizziness) mainly I think is because of my period and the weather, it's awful. And I've got tons of problems that I don't like to solve, actually. First and worst, is my problem, non-speaking terms with Jaime (prior to the open letter previously written), second is the projects mainly the research paper in Science and that fucking musical play in MAPEH that I'm unwillingly doesn't want to do, and lastly, the goddamn one-month due requirements of APEC because they're confusing as fuck. I'd have to think of some solutions, eventually... Maybe later... And for the past few days, I've been quite obsessed with "aesthetics" the appreciation of beauty (the example here). Apparently, there are different types of these so-called aesthetics (I even changed my IG username to thag today. I mean yesterday) and I figured what type of aesthetics I am... by the help of quizzer, which I am again obsessed in taking like when in elementary days (along with house decorating and in which I wasted 167 MB in installing a damn laggy app only to decide it after). And I found out my aesthetics are Grunge, Hipster & Artsy in which I searched and found out, hey, they are accurate. And I took this quiz earlier (16personalities.com) and my resuly was the Advocate personality (Sentinel, INFJ-T), one of the rarest, making up less than one percent of the population and I'd say, oh my god, it's accurate especially in that "friendship" part where I'm dying to find that someone I deeply connect with and share the same interests but unfortunately, they say the chances are slim (that's sad). I'm dyin to find my soulmate (I totally dig soulmate AUs btw I hope they are real) oh and school supplies, journaling and dream house are some of my aesthetics (thank to Youtuber Conan Gray for bringing it out, he's my inspiration) and I'd probably make a list on it in my next journal. (And I'm totally digging Spotify playlists right now especially the "aesthetics" playlist. And speaking of journaling, there is only 6 days left for me to save money in buying a new journal at National Bookstore and I gotta say I need help (also in buying stationery). It's getting pretty boring writing here with limits and I need a new one so if ever me and my mom don't go to the book sale then I'd be asking her for my money (which is preferable, btw). So, this is the last part of my part 3 journal and I'm gonna go back to watching Harry Potter (and I finished my cup of strawber milk coffe and half of my chips) so I'm gonna wrap it up and no, I'm not planning on sleeping tonight. Bye!

P.S. I think that anonymous texter is my friend, Isabella, because she constantly messes up and wrong sends the message with her number lol. 
P.P.S. I should work on my handwriting, seriously.
P.P.P.S. Here is Maddison AGAIN for the last page
P.P.P.P.S. I really need to update to iOS 9.

*Btw, it was prom night earlier and I'm alone with nyself... BEST FUCKING DECISION EVER.* 