status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[goals]] 

I'm back, hey again. I just took those nasty creepy crawlies on me head, hope you don't mind. I got like, 30+ of them off of me and god, how it relieved my poor head. It's like the only thing left to do is shave my hair off so I could feel better.

Do you ever get that feeling that you want to do everything and want to be good with everything? I am ambitious as FUCK. But the thing is? I'm too lazy for everything. Look, I want this journal to be a daily routine but Jesus Christ, I think it won't even last a month. I wanted to do a lot of things. 

#### 1. I want my handwriting to improve. As well as being an ambidextrous.
I believe plenty of people know my handwriting sucks. Not really plenty of people though. When I say plenty of people, I say fucking *everyone*. I'm actually famous for having sucky handwriting. My penmanship is mostly compared to a doctor's, chicken's scratches, horseshit, or even ritual markings or voodoo like wtf? I know it's that bad but hey, I can read it (most of the time). So yeah, I've been practicing (kinda) good handwriting methods, like writing in this journal, for instance. I also want to be ambidextrous (left-handed and right-handed) by practicing writing with my left hand, although it's not going too well. But I hope when I got time I can work on that. 

#### 2. Learn instruments. 
Okay, this was one of the priorities last year. That was last year, indeed. When I got busy with school (or too lazy learning), I stopped playing the guitar and improving it. I was actually good at one point and was in the process of finishing "River Flows In You" by Yiruma, but I just suddenly stopped. I was even planning on filming it and posting it on social media (for the public to see, yey) but nah, I stopped (eff nuts). There are 2 other instruments I'd like to learn but I don't have the equipment; the drums and the piano. I don't know why, maybe it's the sake of being cool or something or maybe (liberal education) but I seriously want to learn. Even if only the basics or playing a few somgs or just reading music sheets. I always watch drum and piano covers on Youtube and I'm really interested. If ever I got the chance or lessons for these instruments I won't even hesitate to learn these. Oh, and there's another thing: the launchpad. It's not exactly an instrument or whatever, or it's more like a sandbox(?), music equipment modern technology edm music shit (lol) but yeah, I've been watching tons of stuff and covers of it and I want to learn, I'm interested but unfortunately, I'm financially unable to buy one because it's worth a fortune and modern-tech laptop is needed and again, I'm financially unstable for that, my laptop is like, from the 80's so yeah. Maybe I'm stuck watching videos and be fascinated about it and just listen to EDM... Meh, who knows though. Maybe in the future? If I win the lottery? (Dream on, gurl)

#### 3. Read books. AND LEARN SHIT ACTUALLY. 
Here's the thing; I love reading. Like, for life. But, my hand is too full of SHIT and my schedule preoccupied to even finish a book in less than a month. I always do a lot of things, (or read fanfics most of the time) so I don't got a lot of time on my plate. I am naturally stressed (hence the pimples) but I seriously love reading a good book. (But maybe the reason I can't finish the books I'm reading right now is because it's too boring for my taste? Should I leave it or not? I don't know.) The second one; I feel like I need to go back to elementary because I feel like I'm still too dumb for this world. I regret not paying attention to the lessons in class, from elementary to current shit. That is why I'm planning on self-studying recap on the ol lessions by summer vacation to be well-educated again. The main problem is whenever the lesson is done, I tend to forget mose of the time, I'm too dumb. Or maybe another factor is KHS isn't really a good school and the education there sucks. In there, we are trained to pass, not learn. It's funny, actually. Earlier this day, the lesson we had in AP says "Don't speak badly of anything, especially the country" then my teacher gave the school as an example. She said "do not insult the school." But how can I not when every quality of this school is so insultable? I have to learn again, by myself.

#### 4. Good music is life. Sing for life. 
In life, we have to maintain a lot of things; our health, our diet, our body; our mental health and ESPECIALLY, **our music taste**. And when referring to my music taste, I mean, **listening to every song, album, and artist out there** that I find good. Sure, there are certain bands and music genre I specifically like but I like when I find new great music and song recommendation I get like hell yeah, suck that load of music, yeahhhh the eargasm. This somehow connects to the number 2, learning instruments. As well as me singing. Yes, you heard that right. Actually, when you love ~~singing~~ music, you love singins as well. (Oh you don't? Not everyone does? Well, go suck a dig bick). So, yeah, secretly, I freaking love singing and I keep it ALL to myself (and in the shower) because I don't think I'm that good. They all say I have great singing voice. Great soprano tone (I don't think so) but perfect for band vocalists and rockers, but I DOUBT THAT. I sometimes record myself singing and I only hear goats screaming. And yet they encourage me to sing more! In videokes and in front of every family members, it's embarrassing. One time, they led me to a restobar where a live band jamming session is one, who're family's friends by the way, and they let me sing in front of everybody! It's freaking insane! I remember vividly the songs I sang; "Bring Me to Life" by Evanescence and "My Immortal" by Evanescence as well. A part of me wished there was a video recording for that so I could see how dumb I looked like holding that mic passionately, yet a part of me wished that memory to be erased forever and I didn't wanna see how dumb I looked like holding that mic passionately. I was nervous as hell and I got stage fright that time, good thing I don't have social anxiety yet that time and I didn't puke, thank God but I drank alcohol for Pete's sake! (rum and cola, 2 glasses) And that was a command from my parents! To make me less nervous they say. To think that I was just 10 or 11 years old that time. (That was the first time I drank alcohol, I guess. Next was my Dad's birthday with Tanduay Ice). Hardcore parents, huh? 

**So, yeah, my usual semi-gig when I come on videoke at every occasion goes like this:**
1. Bring Me to Life - Evanescence
2. My Immortal - Evanescence 
3. Moves Like Jagger - Maroon 5 ft. Christina Aguilera
4. Big Girls Don't Cry - Fergie Ferguson
5. My Heart Will Go On - Celine Dion
6. My Happy Ending - Avril Lavigne

**And the list goes on... AND THE NEWEST SINGLE..** 
###### "Titibo-tibo" - Moira Dela Torre

**Wow, yeah, fantastic! Suits me well! But not my voice!** 

So, yeah, I love singing. Hopefully I take voice lessons someday. 

#### 5. "I doodle for a living."
The infamous line by the Lauren Jauregui, and yes, I actually do. No, I don't take money in return for the drawings but I give it for free. I've been drawing for my whole life, started when I was just a toddler until now. It bothers me to ask money in return for the drawings, I don't think it's appropriate since I'm not really a licensed drawing-seller...? They say I'm exceptionally good at drawing; winning competitions and all, but I say bull. I'm still not good enough (but one can never be good enough) but still, I got to improve. I should practice some sketching first before I got to the serious stuff (professional stuff) and down to the business, I need more practice.

#### 6. Netflix and Chill
Well, not necessarily the Netflix app. But I really do love watching films, series and other videos on Youtube. It's a hobby that I really like to pursue. I might gain something with it in the future or nah, but who knows? I want to finish ALL my TO-BINGE-WATCH LIST on the next part. I just need to have Wi-Fi real soon... 

#### 7. # Good image goal
Okay, so this is NOT for the public social media needs but for me, personally. I'd like to have a strong and attractive appearance. Not to please everyone but to please myself. And it's not about that I love who I am bullshit, love yourself for who you are not what everyone wants you to be crap, I'm doing this for myself, fuck y'all /insert smiley face/ I admit I regret closing up to a variety of fashion when I was little  (mostly on the girly side) so I never had the opportunity to try new clothes until now. So, now, I'm pretty open with anything that is presented to me and I'd try whatever (just not showing too much skin). I even went for by planning to buy several shoes, jeans, skirts, dresses, shirts, sweaters, and jackets (I fucking love long sleeves). Leather biker jacket and boots is next in my "TO BUY LIST" so yeah. I'm pretty open to dolling up my face, as well. Not because I'm bisexual doesn't mean I have to act all boyish and wear men's clothes like duh. I even went far by putting lotion, on my body, couple of creams for my face, powder and liptint whenever there's occasion and anti-bacterial soap face wash. I'm open to all that and I gotta long way to go. Don't judge, bitches. I ain't changing, I'm just being myself, trying something new, like y'all would say. 

Okay. I know I've got a lot of things I got to do but for now, let's just cut it down to 7 and let's continue it sometime in the next journals, alright? This is the last page of journal 1 and I'm signing off. Peace out! 