status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[school]]

It's been a long day. I only slept for like an hour and 4 AM? Then woke up by 5 for the practice. The practice started late and we were outside and for the first time in history (in a long time), the clique was complete (well, except for Kristine, Francesca, and Richard) but oh well, you get me. It was surprising because Jaime went near to us and he went to Louie... maybe it's because Faria and Erika were also there with us but oh well, he hates my guts.. nothing changes. Things went by smoothly because I was in a good mood due to the strong coffee (Kopiko 78) I consumed, making me hyperactive and palpitating (I only had 2 to 3 sips, wtf right?) So yeah, I was pretty crazy, talkative and all laughs. 

And boy, I was sitting next to my ex-girl crush Eliza De Guzman. We were laughing and joking like we were friends for so long and our faces were so close and she kept touching my face and my hands and she KEPT STARING AT MY LIPS. LIKE SERIOUSLY. The tension was so thick, it almost made me uncomfortable (Almost). And we took pictures (she insisted) so I took her number. I know, I'm a tiger, aren't I? (wtf bro) So yeah the practice went okay and we had to stay for a little hot while for some orientation shit for the recognition like I'm gonna attend that bullsh. Oh yeah and I borrowed 4 books (1 pending and the Stephen King one is one thick boiiii). 

After school, me and IC went out for lunch (she treated me, as usual). And we talked about stuffs, problems, family, friends, school while eating over the classic 7/11 sisig savers and Coke gulp. It was fun and dramatic at the same time. It's funny how we never run out of topics. Oh, and the zodiac predictions at 7/11 were fucking accurate yet again; Scorpio said to stop dwelling at the past because you won't enjoy what's ahead and the present (not exact but just the gist). 

So, we went home, I thanked her, did my stuffs, then I finally went to sleep. When I was rudely interrupted by yelling, shouting. My mom and dad... they're fighting again. They were fighting about money.. again. Oh my god, I can't.. I tried going back to sleep but I couldn't.. not when I was worrying that it might escalate to more aggressive throws and remarks... I wanted it to end. Please just stop. Be rational... When he fight dwindled down, I tried going back to sleep.. but it was a futile attempt. My eyes are sore, my body is tired, I wanna sleep so bad but my brain and body just CAN'T. So I tried talking to my friend Roshelyn to rant about my problems but I felt insecure and I didn't want to bother her with my personal problems so I backpedalled. I don't wanna be annoying... Not when I know she kinda doesn't care about my shit. Especially when she ignored me when I mentioned I nearly got raped twice. Maybe it's because of her traumatic flashbacks or... I don't know. I just don't want to repeat that again. I mean bruh.. that's my deepest darkest secret (that's not really a secret because a few people already know about it) but yeah... I just mask my fear and traumatized feelings with nonchalance, sarcasm and humor. Can't help it. If's a coping mechanism. 

So, yeah. Let's see how long I last today without getting sleepy, I still have books to read and videos to watch...