status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] 

I feel so frustrated that I wanted to cry. I already munched on some spring rolls and listened to some music but nothing seems to calm me down at all. I get irritated with every little thing. Maybe it's because I found out that Fifth Harmony is disbanding, or someone said Lauren is boring, or the fact that Camila gets all the attention. Or maybe it's because I seriously hate doing chores, or maybe it's my depression acting up? Or my period, perhaps? Or my load just ended abruptly with delay warnings... I got so many plans of reading but it just ended my subscription (or consumed) without notice. Or maybe I'm just sleepy, like hella sleepy.. Or maybe I'm just nervous for the interview at February 6 for my senior high school? I don't know, I just feel really frustrated, and annoyed, I seriously want to cry (something's stuck in my throat) but I can't. I need to calm down. I have to. Great, I forgot what I was gonna say... and that irritated me right through my bones. I feel so full, I feel like no amount of food can make my day bright right now, I just can't. I don't know what would make me occupied and not annoyed, I'm not even sleepy at all. It's been a while since I forgot how to calm myself down. It's coming again. I'm close to the edge again, I'm losing my grip for the second time. What do I do? I feel so irritated because I'm not smart enough, I lost to the Math Quiz Bee earlier, and yesterday I got my report card and all my grades went down, especially Science, god what happened to Science from 88 to 80, I have to do well or go to prom for extra points but I just can't, I'm anxious. I feel irritated (or frustrated) with my itchy hair. God, it's so itchy when will I get treatment for this? I have those little annoying bitchy crawlies creeping and sucking on my head and I can't do anything about it. I feel so irritated with my long ass fucking nals and my cramping hands. God, when will this end? My handwriting is pretty annoying as well, I can't even do anything right. I'm sometimes mad at myself for being so fucking lazy but I'm also too fucking lazy to do shit. The ink of my pen is running out but I can't do anything about it. I have to buy pens, papers, and cartolina, like immediately, tomorrow hopefully if I'm not too lazy to go out. 