status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

Only a couple of minutes left and I should be vetting ready for school. I haven't been able to write for the past week, I'm terribly busy eith a lot of shit. Mostly school stuff. And I've been reading a lot now and listening to new music, and also going to the computer shop. I recently deleted my Tumblr account and made a new one, I hope I make it constant. And btw, I need to find a new computer place because the computers at BF are laggy as fuck and I left the two PCs with my FB account. My journal buying has been postponed and now I also have to buy a set of earphones because my brother's pink Beats headphones snapped (now it's taped). I've also been eating a lot (and my tummy is getting fatter by the day) but I can't help it. Eating is life (technically) but I should work out soon to look good on clothes. Yesterday, we tallied SSG votes (it was tiring) but we get to hse my crush's room. And also, my ex unblocked me and added me on FB, what do I do? Oh I don't know, there's not much thoughts running through my head today so I might just end it here. Oh, and I just finished reading The Notebook and it made me tear up a little. I wrote some lines that I fancied in the previous pages soooo you might check it out. And my aunt is arriving later in the Philippines and we will go there on Saturday, can't wait. To be honest, I don't really mind if I didn't get much presents (or a phone) because I won't expect much anymore since I'm the least liked person. Whatever is given to me, I will just accept and say my gratitude. But nonetheless, I can't wait to bond with my family again. 