status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[school]]

Today... is supposed to be a fun day. A happy celebration day! Today is my brother's graduation day and my Moving Up day. And now, what a best way to end your school year! Be late for the completion ceremony that you practiced for 2 weeks! Yey! And you know what's embarrassing? Having a panic attack! In front of many people, yey! It's like the cherry on top of the white frosted icing cake. 

A panic atack triggered by a not-so-overwhelming situation. Good job, me. Another milestone achievement. And in fromt of many people, too! Ain't that lovely. And what's worse? Pretending to be happy and putting on a show so I don't get anymore embarrassed! Lovely, right? Want some more popcorn?

And so the day went on. Topped with some boredom, sentimental mood, and fake happiness, there's the "best friend" situation, again! Oh, I don't know anymore. You know when I really really want to cry because of the sweet pent up excitement waiting to explode? I can't! Because I don't want to be embarrassed in front of my friends and I don't want my mom to worry. So, I gotta pretend I'm happy for my mom treated me to some burgers and cheesecake. When the truth is I just want to go home, be left alone, and curl myself into self-loathing and shit that is me.

The whole Moving Up event had been sentimental (slightly), of course. I felt saddened for I won't be seeing any more of this people I've met and have grown on me. Those familiar faces that I've spent fun experiences together with and went through a lot. A great, crashing 4 years of development and memories with these people. Maybe, this'll be the last time I'll see them. I will miss this. I actually never thought much about it and looked back. I don't want to look back because if I did? Oh, God knows what'll happen to me. 

Sentimental mood turned into melancholic. I had no mood to do shit. I want to go home and never interact with people. They want to go out tomorrow and celebrate but God, I just want to stay at home and decompose. But I feel guilty because it's the birthday girl and I don't want to disappoint her. Oh, I don't know. I just don't want to talk to people or interact or pretend to be happy or fake everything because I'm afraid they'll see right through me. I just wanna be left alone. 