---
growth: "[[adult]]"
entryTitle: brilliant and beautiful, i ain't got you at the stalls, the beetle at flag ceremony
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2018]]"
  - "[[school]]"
dateCreated: 2018-02-05
dayCreated: Monday
timeCreated: 21:59
---
It's been a long day (without you my friend) sorry I just feel like doing cursive handwriting for now. I haven't eaten since forever (and doesn't plan to). One piece of pizza supreme *kariman*, some biscuits and water are what all I ate all day. Not much, I'm hungry actually but I don't feel like eating at all. It's been a pretty "meh" day so I'll think I'd probably put a yellow pixel for today. It's been pretty boring today, not stressful, not tiring, just plain old boring day like any day else. But like they all say; "calm before the shit storm". Tomorrow is the d-day of my interview for my senior high school enrollment and to say I'm nervous is an understatement; I'm ==**fucking**== shaking. I can't ever go inside that motherfucking gate without fidgeting my ass off (I'd probably need a fidget spinner later on in life) (P.S. I'm not a fucking retard) I don't even know what they'll ask or if my english would be on point and fluent (grammar and pronunciation and all that shit) I personally think I'm screwed the moment I walk in that fucking room. I can't even stop worrying over that single 1x1 photo I'm short of in the requirements. I'm afraid I won't get a slot (also because of that 1x1 photo) And I can't even find my goddamn "good moral" Maybe it's god's way of saying I don't have good morals (which is somewhat true). Who knew enrolling to a senior high school is this hard and stressful. What more if it's a fucking job? I'm screwed for life, I just know it. I'm thinking I'm not good enough to be accepted in that school, I'm not better than anybody there. Maybe if the students are ranked there, I'd be at the fucking last one, rank # 874th. Fuck.

Btw, I saw this piece of dental floss on my bed, I don't know if it's used or not but I'm gonna put it here anyways. 

Okay, earlier this day was pretty normal, it was so normal I almost forgot the significance or the important events. I remember me returning the pen because it doesn't work then getting a new one. I remember doodling here in the journal and getting candies from my friend. I forgot to keep the candy wrappers (Fres) it has those little compliments or messages at the back and I got like 4 of them, last one was generously given to me by the end of classes. Speaking of compliments, I was complimented by our ST in English. He stopped in front of me while I was leaving the room through the door. He grabbed a few strands of my hair gently and said, "Madeleine; brilliant and beautiful." It was an awkward atmosphere and my friend was there to witness it as well. I just smiled, laughed it off, and walked out. Okay, before you judge me, I'm an awkward piece of potato and I don't socialize well so I couldn't think of a response and second of all, he doesn't have a thing for me, I know so, because he's **==GAY==**. 

Another thing when we were in the bathroom was the closest thing I could ever get with my crush for the past few months. I just knew she was there the moment I saw the color of her bag's string at one of the bathroom's door. Then she walked out of the stall like a fucking goddess she is. Oh, like how dare she? Running her hands through her hair and wearing that tight pants showcasing her ass like she fucking owns the place. She's gonna be the death of me. I'm surprised I'm fucking calm despite the drumming of my heart that time. I was doing so well until goddamn little miss perfect *sang* a line from "***I ain't got you***" by *Alicia Keys*, current song that I'm crazy about (because Lauren's audition song in X-Factor). You know how I nearly moaned (I'm kidding, I'm tough and great self-control) with that? It's almost like she wants me to notice her when I'm basically just beside her, waiting for our friends to come out from the stalls. I can see her glancing from time to time from my peripheral view. God, she's so P-R-E-T-T-Y. 

I also remember that random beetle at flag ceremony earlier today. It kept our section occupied (and noisy) but it was fun. We kept throwing the bug in the air, it turns out the bug can't fucking fly and it was fucking hilarious. The seniors next to us (girls) were kinda furious about it and they were genuinely concerned for the beetle and it's what makes it more funny. God, we were the only group there who're loud as fuck. And it kinda feels nice. Highschool life yey. 