---
growth: "[[child]]"
entryTitle: my problem
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2018]]"
  - "[[self]]"
  - "[[introspection]]"
  - "[[identity]]"
  - "[[truth]]"
dateCreated: 2018-04-07
dayCreated: Saturday
timeCreated: 00:35
---
Well, today, for some reason, I wanna talk about insert drum roll please ... me. insert cheers and applauds. Who am I? Who was I? Who will I be? Who I really am. What have I become? What am I capable of?

I'm gonna describe myself. Truthfully. And very very honest. I know that I know myself. Nobody knows me more than I do. So, here I go. First of all, I'm a pessimist. So, don't go all gasping on me with all these negative descriptions (I'm kidding). I KNOW I'm not a good person. I am selfish, jealous, psychotic, insane, crazy, self-centered, superior, manic, and a coward. Self-centered and egocentric are probably my most active traits. Like, I really REALLY think of myself first than anybody else. My focus is only on me, my worries are only on me (heck, this entry is mainly about me) and I could care less for anybody. A jerk, I know. But the thing is, I hate people full of ego. I mean people who flaunts their achievements and talents. It disgusts me. I mean, I'm like that but I keep it controlled. Yeah, sometimes it shows but only bits of it. On the brigher side (I'm trying), I actually care for people. I don't think I have possible good traits but yeah, at least I still have "some" heart left. I am sometimes a perfectionist and has this weird superiority complex thinking I'm better than everybody else but I won't let it show because I know it's not true. I have a knack of thinking I'm different, unique, and rare than everybody else. But again, that's just another negative trait I have. 

But how do people describe me? It's shocking how ultimately positive people think of my personality. They judge me complimentary like I'm some type of saint or angel that fell from heaven. Okay, here are those examples. They say I'm "perfect". I'm smart, beautiful, talented, unique, funny, kind, a good friend, thoughtful, etc etc.. slash, everything I'm NOT. God, I think they worship me or something (oops, sorry). But seriously, all these compliments feeding my little (not so little) egoistic head of mine, eventually leading me to think I'm actually the person they are describing when the truth is... I' NOT. But am I? Am I really stopping myself to believe these positive definition which I truly am thinking that if I accepted it I was just giving in to my self-centered self? Am I denying it? I am confused. And that is also one major factor of myself. Let's dig deeper. 

I know of these articles that "accurately" depicts myself. I am a "personalized person". I have a tremendous amount of thoughts and feelings, that I often have difficulties dealing with myself. I want to love, be loved, experience, feel, enjoy, scream, cry, laugh. All at once, if possible. I have this passion; this intense, driving feeling or connection that makes me restless and always longing for something. I end up being unsatisfied with life and unhappy. Nobody's able to put up with my "addiction" to life and everything. But I can't believe how "a lot" of people fall for me. Like, holy shit, what's good in me? I mean, I kinda am good-looking. But seeing past that? Hm, all I see is darkness and black blood. I am misunderstood. I have trouble showing people who I really am and expressing my thoughts and feelings. So, I show random abrupt shreds of what I actually want to express (or the complete opposite) that often leads to misunderstandings. And then, I have this strong urge to defend myself or explain what I really meant and then it often only worsens the situation, so I sometimes (most of the time) choose to just keep quiet. I desire. I'm very "sexual" in nature and no, I'm not saying I'm always a horny teenage girl. But I have this deep feeling or deep want to connect and be one with someone preferably my soulmate. I keep my deepest feelings although there is this powerful itch to let it all out and "someone, please hear me out" thing going on. I'm having trouble keeping it in because the intensity is just flooding up and the damd are cracking. The only person I trust is myself. 

Let's go even deeper (that's what she said). The truth is.. I'm confused. I don't think I truly know who I am. I have, what you call, identity crisis. No, I don't mean my gender or anything, but myself. Who I really am. The original me. I describe myself as someone who I want to be. I confuse myself as someone's personality like everybody else. (Am I taking too many personality quizzes that confuses who I really am? lol). I "think" that I have traits or characteristics that defines who I undoubtedly am. How even does a person define oneself? Do you feel it? Or are you just like "Hey, yeah, I feel that, too. Maybe I'm really like that, as well". And you just decide that you are? Who I really am? I am afflicted with myself. I am a contradiction. I am a puzzle yet to be solved. I am a riddle yet to be answered. I am a million questions formed into one human and I am a million people formed into one confusing excuse of a mess I am. I'm trying to figure it out. I'm in the process of finding myself. I feel like a completely different person, every time. It feels like I have an alter ego for everything. For myself, for my family, for my friends, for strangers. I create personas of who I want to be that I mix up my original me and it went for too long that I really forgot who I originally was. 

I am a primary problem of myself and it's driving me crazy. Maybe I am crazy. I go out of control sometimes but I keep it in because I'm afraid one day it'll take over and I'm a goner. I mean, I have this theory that everybody is actually insane in some way and they just give in to this "normalcy" complex that everybody does to "fit in" and "be normal" but then again, I might be wrong. Everyone's like this, right? I'm not going crazy, right?

What if I'm just trying to fit in like everybody else? What if I'm trying to be normal even if I'm not? Or what if I'm thinking that I'm trying to "fit in" because I think I'm "different" than everybody else?... Goddamnit, help me... 