---
growth: "[[adult]]"
entryTitle: still home alone
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2018]]"
dateCreated: 2018-05-07
dayCreated: Monday
timeCreated: 12:47
---
I woke up 10 AM, like I usually do. And they are gone... again. I'm home alone and thre's no one in sight. No sign of life.. My mother hasn't come home yet like she was supposed to by 6 AM and my brother is nowhere to be found. I'm home alone and my anxiety is acting up, I couldn't sleep. I only had 3 hours of sleep, and I'm so tired, my eyes hurt. I'm so sleepy yet I couldn't sleep; not even a blink of an eye. I'm scared, confused, worried, anxious, and it's overwhelming. My senses doubled up, I can hear every noise, I can see every movement and I can smell the faint stink of our cat's poop in our bathroom, yet to be cleaned. I'm alone and I'm scared; I started to shake. Out of fear, worry and everything mixed up, I couldn't relax. It's happening again. My breath starts to quicken but instead of panicking, I started to cry. I'm sobbing, I feel so frustrated; and I'm home alone again. I'm embarrassed that I tried to say this to my friends, I pity myself. They don't seem to understand, their indifference is rubbing off on me and my huge problem/turmoil I'm having right now felt one too tiny. I feel so little, so caged up and so stupid and unimportant and problematic. The other one never replies and the other one felt like I was a broken baggage that needs to be dumped. I am bothering them. I am dumb, stupid, and I'm still home alone. Tears continued dropping, tamed but loud sobs never ceased to escape my mouth. I felt so sorry for my cat for I couldn't take care of him and he was crying as well because I couldn't give him attention and I feel so bad because I'm shit. There is shit in the bathroom, dirty floors and dishes in the sink and I am still home alone. I didn't want to be home alone. Dark mysic plays in the background and for a second I thought the door opened and my brother, my mother, my family finally came home. But this doesn't feel home. Somebody please just come home. It's 12:59 and I'm still home alone. My eyes are tired, my body is exhausted, and my mind a mess. I might have to drink coffee and never sleep, I guess.