---
growth: "[[child]]"
entryTitle: always being misunderstood and not understanding other people
tagLinks:
  - "[[journal]]"
  - "[[2018]]"
  - "[[misunderstood]]"
  - "[[mental illness]]"
  - "[[anxiety]]"
  - "[[family]]"
  - "[[friendship]]"
  - "[[relationship]]"
  - "[[autism]]"
dateCreated: 2018-05-07
dayCreated: Monday
timeCreated: 19:19
---
It's evening and a lot has happened today. I'm home alone again. My mom came home by 1 PM and I'm so very thankful and I asked where my brother is and she said "just downstairs" and I'm just so glad they're both fine. But I felt bad because my mom hasn't slept yet. I was thinking about finally going back to bed when shit happens. I messed up really bad, and my mom is pissed at me, for everything. She's yelling about me forgetting to wash the dishes when I was busy worrying if something bad had happened to her and my brother. She is yelling at me for not doing my job right when I was trying to fix my act together and my life in tact. She's yelling at me for being lazy and doing nothing all day when I was busy calming myself and trying to cease my loud sobs. She's yelling at me for being a disgrace, just like my father, when I was thinking of killing myself. She threatened to leave us if I couldn't fix myself and be decent... and I just remained silent. Because if I told her, she wouldn't understand. She'll say I'm just being *maarte* like I always am. But maybe I am? I was just.. so tired. I just want to close my wet tear-stained eyes and never wake up. I wonder what I did to deserve this. Maybe I was born? Then, I was afraid to sleep, because if I sleep, she might yell at me again for just sleeping all day and not doing chores. I didn't realize I've already fallen asleep. 4 hours later, I woke up... I'm home alone again. I haven't eaten all day but thankfully, they left me a burger. They still care, after all. I took a cold bath to clear my head and started doing the leftover chores. Then it got me thinking a ot of things. My friend said I have a sweet side. But I can hardly believe that. All my life I've been labeled the opposite. I've been labeled as "maarte", "maldita", "problematic", "bipolar", "autistic" just because I'm different from them, I don't like the things they like, I don't do the things they do. But hey, maybe they're all right about me. But I'm glad my best friend Roshelyn was here via text to listen to me and trying to understand me. I'm really thankful for her, she stayed even though despite everything I've done to her.

I remembered some time go, I told a friend I trusted, Robert, I was depressed. I thought he believed me. But then at school, he acted like it's something funny. And told everyone. Then I told Jaime I'm depressed. He just laughed at me and said it was just a phase. And so at school, I pretended I was fine. Like I'm all okay. So I can maintain that perfect little role model everyone sees me as. I wonder if it's really me who I was at school or I got used to the persona that I made that people actually think that it's me; fooling even myself?

Then my thoughts wandered to my family, whom I really care about. I have a problem showing love and affection to the people I love. But I have my own way of saying that. But they don't seem to see that. It's as if I am, my true self, is invisible. My actions are invisible, replaced by a distorted image set as who I really am, they think I am. It's been like this my whole life, I wonder if it's really who I am. But they said don't let people define who you are. But after I found out every disorder I have, maybe it's another disorder where I can't see who I really am. I was always misunderstood, I wondered if they cared for what I feel. I showed how I loved my siblings by making them laugh, making them happy. But I guess that's not how they perceive love. I show my love to my dad by listening to the things he's passionate about, asking him things I don't even care about but he loves so much. I show my love to my mom by talking to her occasionally, joining her at food trips and talking about things and listening to her day. But I guess, again, it's not love.

I'm always misunderstood. Being called lazy and doesn't love my siblings because I wanted them to learn in their own way like I did. I want them to discover things on their own, hence the assignments. Being called "maarte" because I don't like the things they do, and they bother me. Being called "maldita" because I don't know and I have difficulties showing my emotions and associating with people. Being called "lazy" because I want to be in my own comfortable place where I don't want to deal with anxiety. I'm a terrible person for having issues, and it's my life. I try not to cry in front of them to show them as strong yet they see me as heartless. They never saw or heard me cry every night when everybody's asleep or if I'm home alone. They never saw the little details, the little details behind the bigger picture, the deeper meanings in every single concepts. They just don't see it. But I do. That's why I'm still holding on. That's why I haven't given up yet. That's why I'm still alive and breathing. I still have hope that someday, they'll understand what I mean. Finally, they'll know who I really am. 

I'm really glad my best friend Roshelyn is here for me. I don't know what I'd do if she wasn't here. I would've done something stupid. I hope she stays for a long time. And then there's IC... it's hard talking to her without being okay. And it's just so hard to keep up. All she ever talk about is small talks, herself and her relationships and I... I was far from okay. I don't know if I should tell her but she won't understand; she'll just continue saying about herself and all. I get that she wants to talk to me and she cares but her level of understanding is just... and her sensitivity is... so I'd rather not. I can't forget that time when we wee watching ***Harry Potter*** when I expected her to react to some scenes in the movie and the plot when she only paid attention to the appearances and the simple things. I wonder if it's because it's her first time watching ***Harry Potter*** or if she doesn't like the movie or she's not interested or she just doesn't understand. I want to keep her as a friend, honestly, but sometimes, I just never understand her, her humor and how her mind thinks and how she rebates and connect things she say. 