status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[mundane]] [[bipolar]]

Today is an "👌🏻" day because it is better than the past few days. We went out to my aunt's house to celebrate me, my brother and my cousin's graduations/moving up. We ate after waiting for 2 hours while watching an anime movie called ***The Shape of Your Voice***. Sure, I feel shitty after finding out I had bipolar depression, but I handled it, I guess. I nearly had panic attack "homesickness" but I kept it in. And I had flashes of irritation and annoyance but I didn't let it show. Wow, I'm actually good at this. I've come to the agreement that I'll live with this disorder until I grow up. I've come to accept that it's now a part of me, and I'll hold onto it whether I (they) like it or not. 

Now, I'm listening to *Secondhand Serenade* songs on speaker while (after) drinking coffee. I've started reading the encyclopedia and damn, I'm learning so much lol. I should read more of this in the future. And I think I'm gonna read more later but I wanna discuss a few things that's on my mind. 
## DO YOU KNOW THOSE TIMES WHERE YOU JUST RANDOMLY FORGET HOW A CERTAIN BODY PART WORK?

I mean, it happens to me a lot of times. Is it another disorder or some serious body malfunction that needs to be immediately treated? I don't know. But I do have those moment where I forgot how to drink so my pharynx won't close up so instead of the water or any liquid going down my esophagus, it will go to my wind pipe like "shit, wrong hole!" (that's what she said). Or those random moments where you forget how your feet and legs work and then you're like "Mom, I can't walk!" LOL. Or just mainly forget how to use your hands, forget how to write and all. Like, everything would be unfamiliar to you and it's like your first time using that body part. It's sometimes scary because what if I thought it would be a "short-term" forgetting so I just shrug it off because you know, it'll come back, but then after a few minutes you will REALLY forget how to function that body part. Like shit. I don't know what I'd do, it's frightening. I seriously have yo search about this to see if it's serious or not.