status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[family]] 

I should be sleeping right now, but I stick to my words earlier. By 6 PM, my mom is making another set of her food to sell, this time lumpiang shanghai. I went to the kitchen to drink water, I was really sleepy and groggy but then she asked me to help her. But I refused and got back to bed. I couldn't sleep then, it was bothering me. Then I went like, 'Fuck this, who needs sleep anyways?' I got up, grabbed a plate and helped my mom make more spring rolls to sell. I made 2 mugs of coffee, one for me and for my mom. You know this was one of those days that I'm thankful I didn't go to bed yet, I nearly missed those precious happy moments and I didn't regret not sleeping. We talked about our childhood; how fun my childhood was, how my aunts and grandparents loved me so much, how I was such a performer back then, how my little brother eas a boring little kid, how my little sister is an evil being, how I remember a little bit when I wasn't a year old yet, how I cried when my mother didn't give me milk back then and many more. We had a lot of laughs, my mood kinda lifted up despite my extreme sleepiness. It went on for an hour or so, until we'd have to clean up. Now we're done, I'm done with my homeworks as well (except maths since I don't have paper with me). I don't think I can sleep later (or now) actuall I can but I'm afraid I might oversleep and I'm still waiting for my mother to come because of that stupid corporate attire. I don't really want to but it's 10 points... And earlier, 6 or maybe 7 of my classmates chatted me, also yesterday, about the damn assignments like they PM'ed me one by one as if we have no GC. It's funny s I chatted on our GC about it and they misunderstood me; they thought it was sarcasm. God, I don't get why people don't get my humor. I nearly have said, "I'm joking" so that they don't cry. But really, the amount of people chatting me was ridiculous. They say I'm the most reliable on in class but goddamn, I'm the laziest shit ever created by the gods.