status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

I'm awake again at this time of day, listening to music (I'm using my brother's pen). I don't feel like decorating the page, I don't have the time or maybe I'm too lazy to do so. I've been busy for the past week hence me seldom writing in my journal. Lemme just backtrack for a bit. I've been drinking a lot of coffee every night and staying awake until getting ready for school. The past weekend, we went to my grandma's condo, then we went to Glorietta with my family and my aunt (*balikbayan*) to buy shops and we ate food. I went back to playing guitar and I've been reading A LOT. School is getting pretty hectic since this is 2nd to the last week before periodical exams so yeah. Crush life is the same. We recently got a double-decker bed but we haven't put it up yet, maybe tomorrow (later). I wanted the upper bunk but I might just get nightmares from there. This week came by a blur and I just can't wait to get outta this hell-hole. Can I go now? I've been drawing a lot as well these days and I've been complimented a lot. I try not to assume things too much. I've been on Twitter a lot, too. I dump my stuff there and hope people (mostly FB friends) never question what's in there. Btw, I should cut my nails soon. And I've been thinking which haircut is best for me since I'm gonna get a haircut maybe on Saturday? They say short hair would suit me but I don't want my crush to think that I'm copying her. I should save up buying new earphones and THAT DAMN JOURNAL. And maybe after we set the double-decker bed, I'd request to have a study table set up because my bed is my own study table and my back is breaking everytime and my feet cramps. My guitar skills have been rusty and I try to get my music back on track. And I should seriously get these lices cured! But my mom said not until summer like, fuckkkk, that's too long. But I guess I have to wait. 

P.S. The book I'm currently reading ***Lovely Bones*** is dope. I might do a book review if I got too overwhelmed w/ feels. 