status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] [[infatuation]] 

I dreamt about her again. For the 100th time already. But this time, this time I'm gonna write about it. Today is the 21st of February, possibly took part by the 20th. It took place at school, everything seemed normal for a dream. Like passing on hallways and corridors during break time. And then I saw her, striding through the walkway lookin' like the fucking goddess she is. And so I blatantly stared. Next scene, she was at the 5th floor and it looked like she is in our house. But we're at school, but also in our house, our neighborhood. She is charging her phone, and it is my dad's birthday and they're celebrating downstairs. It's just me and Julia left in the house. So, we talked about.. things. And then slowly, our faces are leaning in to each other, like expecting a kiss. I don't remember if we did or we didn't though. But I bet it was wonderful. Next scene, we're at school again, this time she's at 6th floor, almost as if she was waiting for me. She is charging her phone again. And then I sat by her, and we talked again about anything. I felt comfortable and happy and giddy. Then she finally admitted she likes me as well, we were talking about our relationship when my alarm clock woke me up. It was 1:03 AM. I turned it off and God, how I wanted to just sleep again for the dream to continue. It's so unfair that I can almost cry. I really like her, y'know? I know I've said that I already accepted that she won't like me that way (or even notice me) but I can't help but have a tiny twinge of hope. This is my last year at KHS, ans I hope... this would also be the last year of me dreaming of her. 