status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]]

I just slept all day. That's annoying. I've been sleeping a fuckton lately. Really annoying. I found out my crush right now is in senior high school. Well, fuck. Gotta find me another bitch. I wanna start studying again but I just can't, I've been procrastinating really hard. Hopefully I can do shit starting tomorrow. I can't keep being depressed like this for a long time, I got a busy schedule. I stopped watching films on MUBI, I'm just sick of it. I'm sick of a lot of things. Oh yeah, my gum is still sore. 

I'll just tell you about my recent dreams.

##### Dream journal October 26th: 

i dreamt i was in the body of @giexelle. her boyfriend is @emperorkazida and he has his own apartment. me, as gie, went to his house. and i pretended to act like her, as if i know him well. we spent time together. he was in his boxers. i cleaned his house for him while he showered. soon, i went out to go to some place, i'm not sure where. but apparently there was this event where a bunch of people (like really more than 150) are tasked to choose a job (in a selection): cleaners, sweepers, etc. and me, as gie, is tasked to guess the numbers. i think it's because they want to test my intuition and photographic memory. so while they were doing their business, i wasn't yet needed, i walked around the city. i went up to this bridge, and went to this niche on the bridge where the people with the event organizers were. they made me sit down, told me i was late, and proceeded to do the photographic memory tests. they flashed two texts in front of my face for a really brief moment, and they ask me questions. i didn't get the first few ones but eventually i got the hang of it. then afterwards they sat in astonishment saying "wow this girl's the real deal." which was weird because i was in gie's body—does this mean i'm practicing gie's abilities or is it my own? then one of the guys went with me, he was a nerdy lanky guy. i don't know where we were going but we ended up in my house. my entire family's in the room where the beds were so we just entered the bathroom, together—bet we all know what's gonna happen next. we had sex. well, attempted to. we took our shirts off, we kissed each other's necks. he was dry-humping me and i can feel his tiny bulge. i grinded my hips on his. strangely, his bulge never grew even though he was trying really hard. we were both getting frustrated so we just stopped, both disappointed and unsatisfied. the dream ends there.

##### Dream journal October 27th:

the class i'm in has been divided into two groups because of a long running dispute, somewhat of a misunderstanding. i was part of one group. there was an event and we used black paint for it. the paint got spread in the whole barangay, and the other group was pissed at us because of that. we were planning to clean them off anyways so we did. we also removed some black paint on where the other group was staying at. all the while we were exchanging insults and annoyances. we finished removing black paint in the barangay and we went home (i live in a different house now). there was another event in school. we had to learn how to dance. for some reason, hyunjin is the choreographer, and he gives me private lessons in a room, just the two of us. i think we were planning to have sex. the girls in the other group got jealous and suspicious of us, especially jellaicah. so we had another fight about it. i tried to talk things out with the girls of the class but everyone just seemed to be on edge and unwilling to sort things out. that dream ends there. there was another dream where i got hired for something and i had to go to korea along with a bunch of kids my age. turns out we were scouted to an unknown entertainment agency. it looked like the people who owned the company are indians but i guess we didn't mind since we were already there. we were assigned to different roles, i wasn't in the idol-group role, only one girl was chosen for that. the rest were in some other roles. there was kind of like a manager for us, a woman who watches over the group. on the first day we were supposed to audition. i didn't have anything prepared but they lent me a guitar. so while waiting for my turn, i was practicing paramore's decode. i ended up not auditioning for the day because time ran out, probably the next day i will. we have a room where all of us sleeps. the manager sleeps with us. the beds were just old mattresses. i didn't ask what the hell was going on but i gave the manager my number for some reason and i received an email about the company and the role we're supposed to take. i read the email and tried to find a role for visual arts—there weren't any. shortly after, someone came to our room and told us to start preparing. we'll be having breakfast at the hall and then the dream ends there.