status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]]

I slept late because I couldn't sleep so I finished one of my playlists then fell asleep. I woke up past 3 PM. Instead of blaming myself for waking up late again, I started studying Japanese and did my dailies. Then, I learned the tarot card *Temperance*. Past 6 PM, I started studying math—I faced that one practice exercise that got me stuck and frustrated, and I faced it like a champ. Instead of feeling defeated, frustrated, and giving up for the nth time, I thought of a number of things to myself: this will only get harder, remember that you're doing this because you love learning—and you ARE learning by struggling, relish in this particular moment, YOU CAN DO THIS. So, I pushed through, forced my mind to actually work this time and not breeze through the questions without even thinking. Without knowing, I'm already powering through the next unit. I'm glad I didn't give up. I continued studying until past 8:30 PM. Then, I started doing inspectional reading with *Viktor Frank***l's Man's Search for Meaning***. Based on my inspection, the book is about Frankl describing his experiences in the concentration camps and what his realizations are—man is capable of finding meaning despite suffering. That's what I got out of just skimming through. I'll continue tomorrow with superficial reading. 

I remembered my dreams today. There was this one scene where I was buying a watermelon at night at the flea market, there are barely any people and cars. The vendor says he needs a reason and a warrant for him to sell the watermelon. I told him my mom's probably gonna make some dessert or something, but I didn't have a warrant. He eventually sold me the watermelon, albeit reluctantly. I got the watermelon and I wrapped it on my shirt. I almost dropped it a couple of times. Near the bakery, I saw an open TV store. I saw different kinds of TV arranged in order of how expensive they are. Suddenly, my watermelon turned into a TV, but somehow I didn't care. I also almost dropped it a couple of times. As I was walking, I saw a TV lying on the ground, and a man in front of it. He saw that I was holding a TV, too, and we both judged each other's TV and speculated which one was better and more expensive. That dream ends there.

There was another scene. I was in some kind of class but D&D-themed. Five leaders (upperclassmen) were chosen by the teacher to choose their members. I just looked down on the D&D-themed book I was reading as the process continued. I wasn't the best pick—some dude carrying some kind of contraption he invented was the first one to be chosen because he seemed like a genius—but anyway, eventually I got chosen, too, kinda thankful for that. I didn't trust my groupmates that much in terms of skills and intelligence, I believe other groups have it better. The leader proceed to lecture us (not in a bad way). She said the continents Africa and Asia were together back then. I nodded, she saw me nodded and asked me why it was so, kind of challenging me with my knowledge. I told her because of *Pangea*, all of the continents were still together. She agreed, then continued to lecture us. Somewhere in the middle of it, we offended her somehow so she walked out on us. We followed her while profusely apologizing. She ignored us and went upstairs (we're in a school building). She entered her classroom and we just waited outside. We sat on the floor and answered our math test. A teacher came and demanded we give her our math tests so she can grade it. We insisted we're not yet finished, she insisted angrily. We gave our paper up hesitantly. I got a 6 out of 45 because I was not yet finished even though I WAS already finished with it but on another piece of paper in our classroom back downstairs. It was so unfair because I was confident with my answers on my original paper. I was pissed when we got back to our classroom. I wanted to continue the math test even though it was already graded. That dreams ends there.

Nothing happened today that made me sad. I hope Lou got my letter and read it.