status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]]

The first thing I remembered vividly was that we went to Italy. I don't remember who I was with or how we went there (I can't even remember riding a plane); we were just there. I saw different parks and the italian restaurants, the street lights, the lamp posts, and the cold crisp dark sky. Then after 3 days, maybe, we got lost. We don't know where to go. We don't have money and stuff; we were so hungry. Then my classmate came to us out of nowhere, he says he'll take us to his friend that can help. Then he led us to a building, more like an office. Then to an office room with a few people working there. There, we saw a girl, mid-20's, working at one desk. Robert told her our situation and said she can't help us. While they were talking, I wandered around the office. I saw the surveillance monitors, the work desks, and that's when I saw. At the other side of the room, were my 2 aunts, my cousin, his wife, their baby, and my other grandma. They were sprawled on the couch. They weren't that shocked, seeing me at Italy, but I was shocked by them; what were they doing here? Nonetheless, they gave us money and told us to go back to Philippines, and so we did. Not long after, my uncle went to us and said we're leaving. I didn't have time to pack so I settled with what I already had. We rode this futuristic rocket ship (kinda cute one), then flew (more like bounced) to another dimension but still on Earth. Later that day, we went to a dock; where planes take off. There are a lot of foreigners there and they look like workers because they're all wearing some sort of black blue jumpsuit. Then I saw jet planes take off in that place. After that, we were walking to this weird walkway that looks exactly like Capitol 8 with the guard house, yellow lane, gates and all. We were discussing what had happened earlier at the dock when suddenly the Capital 8 staffs and the people ran away, panicking. That's when I saw it. Nazis. And they're coming towards us. And suddenly I remembered I got a fractured leg, right leg. So we ran, my friends ran first leaving me behind so I took a different turn; to a corner with many plants to hide but they're still hot on my tail. And so I fought back. I beat up one Nazi and got his gun and I shot them both. I ran after and I ran to a house, killing Nazis along the way. While in that house, the Nazi prince found me. He chased me but then I found out his greatest secret; he was gay. He was embarrassed, he pointed his gun to his under chin... and he killed himself. A Nazi following me saw what happened. I threatened him, saying that I'll spread the word that he killed the prince if he does anything funny. So, he got scared and ran away. I followed him and killed him. I stole his clothes, went to the bathroom and changed to Nazi uniform. I became a Nazi rogue. I joined the Nazi force gathering outside. I was surprised some of my friends were there, I was in front line. I talked to the fat chief, we conversed about our life stories. I made up dramatic ad tragedy stories about our dog and how I was left behind by my family. He cried, and took pity of me. He then offered me a place to stay and said how I was too precious for this cruel world. He led his servant Cyrus the great and gave me his small but cozy house. I came with 3 friends; Jade, Perrie and my little sister Chelsea. I requested to change the style of the house. They said it's gonna be hard but I said I can manage. And so, we re-decorated the house (Sims style), I was in charge. We ordered every food we want to be delivered in our small house. I re-decorated the bathroom, bedroom, kitchen, windows, wallpapers, and everything. We even bought new furnitures to replace the old ones; the bed, cupboards, and the old worn-out curtains. After that, we chilled. I checked out my fractured right leg, and tested how I can walk. I touch it from time to time and it feels SO REAL. I can feel the broken and misplaced bone sticking at the skin of my leg. It doesn't hurt but I can feel it vividly. I can't walk properly, even if it's a dream. It just felt so real. We're gonna stay in that house until the war is over, we've decided. It's a basement house so we won't get affected. I woke up. 