I didn't wanr to write about this, but it's been boggling my mind ever since yesterday. So, I'm gonna write my dream about yesterday before I go completely insane. Let me cut it down to parts. The first part I remember is taking a NAT test at school. I was a bit late so I was only able to answer halfway through Math. Then the next, I went to the school's office (I don't know why) but I'm talking to Santos about something and I was frustrated. And then some random chick went up to the window and asked Santos for something (she was kinda dumb and all LOL). Next scene, is at our old house at Pineda, Banaag next to the Police Station. I think my brother's friends are having a fucking group project but it's like the whole class is inside the house and split into groups and they are EVERYWHERE. What's odd is that they have like a cult or something and then have symbols for their cult and they pray and do rituals, it's pretty scary. Honestly, I don't know where to go because they're everywhere. And then this random fucking massive ferocious black werewolf came out of nowhere, ransacked the house and captured any people in its sight then bringing them to the backyard next to the big tree. I went and tried to hide in the bathroom but my attempts were futile. It eventually got to me, captured me and dragged me outside. I climbed the house and went to the roof. The roof was little wobbly, the house is like jelly, and I held onto the side. The werewolf was amused by what I was doing and climbed the roof with its big sharp claws and sat next to me. He said, "What are you planning? You can't escape here, the roof is jelly." and then proceeds to wobble the roof. I said, "I'm not scared." ans stretched the jelly roof sideways. And it ends. The next dream is the one that's been bothering me. It starts ar our old house at Pineda, Banaag at Mabanta Compound. I was with my friends (my old friends) and we're playing. Everything is fun and dandy when my classmates from Brahe went to the compoun and told me about the distribution of cards. So, while we wait.. I felt it. It felt like someone's staring. I shrugged it off and continued conversing with my classmates at a Sari-sari store, while eating some random foods. And then my teacher arrives and asked us to line up on the street (I know, crazy, right?). So, we lined up. I was wearing my red spaghetti strap shirt (I don't know why) and Beatriz Navarro told me I'm sexy (LOL wtf bish). While in line, I noticed something. You can only get the card if you passes this something and signed it with a parent. The thing is, I didn't. And so does our other classmates (Harold, etc.) So we stepped out of the line and watched helplessly as the crowd settled down. I went back to the compound and my friends greeted me. I noticed some Grade 11 students from KHS roaming around the compound. It must be Jomar's friends and they have a group project. Then, I felt staring again. And it's closer. So, I looked back and there I saw it. It's Julia Marzan fucking Almaria staring at me, smirking. She's sitting at a carenderia in front of the compound. She didn't stop staring so I just went back inside the house. I looked down to what I'm wearing and noticed I'm not wearing a bra like WTF. I changed out of my clothes and went to my room. I thought it's only my room but then my brother and sister (both younger than me) moved inside with their pillows, beds and electric fans and bothered me LOL. We kinda argued and so I went outside again, and I can see Julia in front of our house, still staring at me. I went outside and she's still staring at me. I think my dream ended with her staring at me LOL. It's so weird and it's been bothering me ever since. What does it mean?