I was really sleepy, exhausted, and disoriented by 8 o'clock. So I slept and I tried turning on some lucid dreaming music to give effect (because I really want to try lucid dreaming) but ended up turning it off because my phone got too hot. I was really sleepy, my eyelids are drooping so I just closed my eyes until my consciousness drift away. My body felt light and heavy at the same time. zmu mind is floating and I feel like a feather. I woke up, maybe a few hours later, feeling exhausted and sleepy still. I was really groggy and my eyelids felt heavy but I feel really light. I opened my mouth several times just to know what it feels and moved my hands, that's when I realize I was still dreaming. That is weird. I just had my second awakening in my whole life. I am one step ahead of lucid dreaming. Almost there. I woke up again. Reality check. I checked the time, moved my hands and turned. Yep, it's reality. But I was still sleepy, so I went back to sleep. I didn't have my dream at the first hour of sleep, this time I have. We were at my grandmother's old house again. The whole family is sleeping over. It was night time and I'm sweating so I needed a change of clothes. So, I went to my little brother who is in the same room and asked for my stuff. He said he found my stuff but the rest in my bag (and my big sis missing). My uncle and my little sister is awake with us. The dream shifted to another place. It looked like a battlefield. You know, in the game Counter Strike where you can only use "one shot" guns? That terrain. But this time, you can use grenades only. There are 2 teams, all of us were girls and it was fun and all, there were also smoke grenades. When suddenly the place shifted into our grandma's old house again and we were throwing grenades inside the living room. It was dangerous and funny, kinda, because we were laughing while having fun. Oh yeah, and earlier at the grandma's old house sleep over, we were watching TV while Kuya Mic's family arrived. We were watching Lauren Jauregui's interviews with her being funny and lowkey confirming Camren lol. Then I woke up, for real. I didn't wanna go back to sleep, I was well-rested. So, I got up and prepared iced cappuccino. I was kinda disappointed that I didn't lucid dream. But I'm getting there. It turns out false awakening is near lucid dreaming, I just had to focus more and jot down my dreams more. Now, I understand lucid dreams aren't easily achieved and needs lots of practice. But I'm determined to lucid dreaming. I want to create a world snd explore it with the depths of my mind. 