status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] [[yea]] [[zombie]] 

I had a weird zombie dream (again). My mind seems to like dreaming of zombies. I’ll just tell what I remember. We were in some kind of jungle with large trees. And by “we” I mean people I’ve known in high school (both junior and senior). In one of those large trees, I found a tree that’s entirely hollow and can be stayed in. It’s like a large turret/tower. I climbed into it (along with a few people—there was even a Korean person with us) and we stayed inside it for some time. We found that it's extremely comfortable staying inside that tower but only at the top part where we dangle on the small pillars surrounding the windows of it. The tower though is narrow and a bit cramped on the inside. It’s weird, for a moment, the tower can “swing” like an amusement park ride. The people around me seem to like swinging but I told them to stop because I have fear of heights. When we swung, a couple of kids became aware that we’re inside that tree tower and got envious. They wanted to climb inside, too, and found it unfair that we were in it. So they proposed a challenge. If they won, they will be the ones to stay in the tree tower. We accepted the challenge. Naomi and her boyfriend was part of that group. While Monica was with my team. In the middle of the challenge, I exclaimed “this is bullshit!” because we were in that tree tower first. My team went back inside the tree tower and ignored the protests of the other kids. It became night time. The air felt different. 

My perspective changed into a new place. I’m seeing events that are happening in another location. It was a sanctuary—where a large Hispanic family was taking refuge at an abandoned building. Refuge from what? They were extremely quiet during the takeover. Quiet because of what? At the rooftop, a little girl looks upon the streets. She sees random kids playing rough house at a short distance. She seems a bit anxious. An uncle plugs in the karaoke and sings, but only at a low volume. I’m starting to get anxious. Like something’s coming. Another small kid joined the rooftop, he was loud and giggly. The little girl tried to stop him and told him to be quiet. But then, groans were heard from afar. People running towards the gates. Except they weren't people. They're something else. They attacked the boys rough housing earlier. And when they're done with that, they started banging on the gates. At a closer look, you can tell; they were zombies. 

The scenario jumped back to the tree tower. It was night time. It was quiet. We were still staying, still dangling, inside at the top of the tree tower and there weren't people outside. Strangely, a reporter came to the tower and we were asked to join them to examine the tree tower closely along with other tree towers. We agreed. The tree tower was then pulled into a truck to be sent to God knows where. The tower seemed small now. The ride was long and tedious and anxiety-filled. Like something’s gonna go wrong anytime. The roads were also bumpy and complicated. We were near. We stopped at a school; at APEC Pateros campus. A conference podcast was being held. The audience were kindergarten kids. Me and a boy were the only high school kids there. I whipped out my water bottle because I was thirsty, and I drank. I offered water to the guy with me and he drank. Another kid who just came (who was dressed in tatters and looked like a beggar) also drank, but without his lips touching the rim of the bottle. I was nervous to use the water dispenser. One of the teachers noticed me though and said it was okay to use the dispenser. I put water in the bottle. We didn't get to see what happened in the podcast. We immediately went back to the jungle because it was turning dark once more. The ride home was anxiety-filled again. And then we saw them. Zombies running towards the moving car. They were everywhere. They were chasing us. We screamed “faster!” My mind drifted towards the group of high school kids earlier who challenged us to be in the tree tower, too. I thought of an idea. They could stay at the bottom of the tower and just use a lantern. Our groups can switch from top to bottom from time to time. Yeah, that could work.

And so, we proposed that idea. They agreed. For some time, we were the ones dangling at the top as usual. We duck our heads away from the window everytime a zombie came into view. And then our team’s time came and we were the ones to stay at the bottom. We didn't have any rope but good thing one of the guys with me’s arms were ultra long and strong that we used him as a rope. At the bottom, it was dark. But we used a light. The tree tower’s walls at the bottom seem strangely thin like a cloth. We needed to be quiet or else the zombies would hear us. There were zombies walking around the jungle. And then our time came that we dangle at the top once more. Shit hit the fan. One of us, don’t know who, made a noise, and the zombies heard us—we were all fucked now. We went outside the tower in different directions and climbed on various tree trunks, still remaining at the top. We abandoned the tree tower. When it was calm once again, we returned to the tree tower. We realized now that all the trees surrounding our tree tower also became tree towers. And now, there were a lot of people in our tree tower, but we still make do with it. At the bottom, the walls were like a cloth once more, and it opens up sometimes with a zipper in the middle. The people around me were black and listens to rap music. We were all trying had to be quiet everytime a zombie passes by. For some reason, Majo was with me. 

When I was at the top again, shit happened again. And I had to jump to other towers. I stayed at one of the tree towers for some time, too. Then when all of the towers were too cramped to have space for me. I jumped towards other trees, I found out who the source of all this epidemic was caused by; a random evil boy. I jumped to the other buildings. In one building, there were four storeys. It was inhabited by a rich family. I sneaked to the top; they were throwing spaghettis on the zombies at the bottom. But still, I found out that it’s unsafe there. It’s unsafe everywhere. Every place is unsafe. I can't stay anywhere. I woke up.