status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] 

I fell asleep again while listening to music. I oughta not lie down when listening to music. I skipped calisthenics too. But I did study for almost 4 hours. Then I read a book. I realized I've been doing this "in-depth" reading all wrong. Well, according to the book I'm reading titled *How to Read a Book*, before you do an analytical reading, you first have to go through the inspectional reading level. In this stage, there are two parts: skimming/pre-reading and superficial reading. Skimming involves looking at the table of contents, preface, index, reading some sentences here and there. Superficial reading involves reading from start to finish quickly without pausing to think and ponder about parts you don't understand. Then there are 4 questions a reader must habitually ask while reading: (1) What is the book all about (the leading theme)? (2) What is the book talking about in detail (main arguments)? (3) Is the book true, in part or whole? (4) What is the significance of it? Reading is also supposed to be a conversation between you and the author. So taking notes and marking the pages are like paying the highest respect to the author. The only problem is that I mostly read a book digitally, I can't mark the pages at all or take notes directly on it. I can only have a separate physical notebook for note-taking. 

I had a weird dream today. Basically, someone is courting me—it's Aaron from elementary school, my boy bestfriend back then. It's weird because I was very feminine in my dream: I dress mostly in very feminine clothes, and I move, act and speak graciously. Probably why Aaron was courting me. In my dream, Aaron gave me a package filled with different things and food which he bought from his own money by working as a delivery boy. There were clothes, coffee, candies, drawing materials, etc. I was really shocked that someone would do so much for me. He knows I can never feel the same way but he still did so. He was very gentle with me, always looking out for me. There was this one scene where, after he gave me the package, we rode a tricycle to either go to a mall or for me to go back home. Aaron knew this tricycle driver. The driver drove us to an unfamiliar route but we trusted him. The only thing is that he was actually leading us to Aaron's family's home. We got there, his mom and aunts were there. It was very awkward. I didn't know how to act. They were shocked that Aaron was there and he brought a girl with him. The truth is that Aaron hasn't been coming home ever since he was saving up for the package he gave me. His mom and aunts gave me a quick once over and maybe judged me if I was worthy enough for Aaron. It made me uncomfortable because I was gay. That was all I can remember from my dream.