status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] [[yea]] [[disaster]] 

The flood was here right at a blink of an eye. It covered all of Town Sigma Octantis. It showed no mercy. At least 40 feet high, no man nor children and women were spared of its wrath. Nobody knew were it came from or how it got here. Just one moment, all was well and suddenly there’s water, from the waist up and then became an ocean.

I was thankful I knew how to swim. My family was scattered and I couldn’t find my siblings. I knew where my mom was though so I did all I can to get to her. By the time I arrived at a wreckage where people were stranded, I slipped into a small opening near the entrance. Once I got inside, it was like a wet hell. Dead helpless bodies lay afloat everywhere you look. There was no surface to rest on and so people grew tired swimming that they just gave up. Limbs were exhausted and the only people left to float are the strongest ones. I felt a sense of panic, where was my mom? I swam all the way to the back and saw there; my mom holding onto a railing half-conscious. She’s starting to lose herself therefore I did my best to lift her onto a floating cardboard but to no avail, she just kept sinking. What am I supposed to do? What else could I do? There’s no help anywhere, people here are going to die but we shouldn’t give up. No, we can’t give up. I’m going to find a way.

I knew the town like the back of my hand so I knew there was a ladder at the farthest corner of this building which leads to a secluded rooftop. Perhaps I was the only one who knew about this. I swam my way to the ladder, climbed up and then I was at the top. I can see the expanse of the tragic downfall of this town. Everywhere you look there’s just water. I’m getting even more hopeless by the minute, where was the rescue teams? Where are the helicopters? Perhaps.. the whole world received the same fate? ‘***We’re all going to die here.***’

I glanced down towards where my mom was; she’s slowly starting to sink, her legs and arms are giving way. No, this can’t be happening, we can’t give up. The silence was broken by a low rasp of voice, someone was singing. At first, I couldn’t hear what they were singing until another distant voice joined in. And then another, and another, until everyone was singing in vulnerable synchronicity. The voices are singing one final tune; a song for God. I can feel myself shaking, tears welling up my eyes. I didn’t believe in God but if he was up there, I would never forgive him if he let these people die. I can feel anger and resentment and frustration inside me—that’s when I heard it.

A low rumbling of rotating propellers was coming from the distance. I looked behind me and up there, a lone black helicopter was descending to where I was. They must’ve heard the singing. I felt stupefied yet relieved. I waved at the helicopter to signal it towards me. I then climbed down the ladder to help my mom climb up on it. One by one, all that was left alive were starting to climb up the ladder, too. And then one by one, I can see how their skins were sagging and almost rotting because they stayed on the water for god knows how long, I stopped myself from gagging. However, I was so thankful for the rescue team that I almost cried. It surprised me when I learned my older brother was one of the rescue team. And so, I helped each person up onto the chopper, there was plenty of room for everyone. After everyone was up, finally, I got onto the platform. I found out that there were a lot of other helicopters that just started to roam around the area, they apologized for the little delay but now that they’re here, it didn’t matter. My heart goes for all that wasn’t strong enough to wait until rescue came. I looked out the window and I asked the final question, “Is it like this all over the country?” My older brother looked at me solemnly and replied, “It’s like this all over the world.”