status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]] 

I've been sleeping all day since yesterday. I have no energy to do anything. I don't know what's wrong with me. I should be feeling okay, right? I mean, unresolved feelings have been solved ever since I talked to Renson. It's true, I felt a huge sense of relief and stupefication because I realized I've only been delusional. Renson invited me to go watch a movie with him if things go to shit with his relationship, I agreed wholeheartedly. God, I hope it doesn't go to shit. I kinda don't have money with me. I still have to go with Kanola and hang out, I need money for that. Wouldn't it be funny if Renson brings CJ with him when we meet? Haha.... yeah... fuck. I'm being delusional again. 

Anyways, I can remember some of my dreams yesterday and today. Let me tell you about them. I remember having problems with Jellaicah/Leila in class. I've been ignoring her, I don't know why. I might just be being petty and sour. We kinda had a fight, maybe? Or some jealousy involved. I know I felt like I'm so done with her. In class, there's some kind of competition and the contestants were me and Leila. I have the huge urge to study everything in the curriculum in only three days, I wanted to win this so bad. And so, I went home, I started reviewing. But then, I flew. I flew outside Earth. I saw Earth's destruction. I flew outside of the Solar System. The Solar System is collapsing. I flew outside the Milky Way Galaxy, it was being destroyed, too. I flew away and away, to different galaxies, different planets, different black holes and stars and nebulae—everything's collapsing in on itself. Then, to different dimensions. Turns out, there are different categories of dimensions and we are in one of them. Somehow, I needed to choose from them. What I choose will be the knowledge I needed to win the competition. I chose the Six-Sun patterns. I flew back to reality in a flash. It was the day of the competition. It happened. Leila won. She chose the other option, which probably was the right one. I felt like I was too arrogant. I failed. 

We were kinda inside of a game. CJ was there, of course. We were the characters of Princess Bubblegum and Marceline. I was there to save her from the enemies. But as we were inside the game, we were also playing a game in our phones. It was kinda like tower defense kind of game. We were friends in that game. I interact with her often. I send her gifts. I figure out ways for her to notice me. There was also a rhythm-game, like ***Love Live School Idol Festival***. She was playing that game. She has a Nico-Maki profile photo. It's also kinda like Spotify. I stalked her account and tried to find signs that she's thinking of me like I was thinking of her. I showed her my cards and she showed me mine. I forgot if we matched, some of them probably did, I was a little bit disappointed, but I felt like she wanted us to match, too. There were signs, a lot of them, but that doesn't really mean we're meant to be. I saved her from the enemy, I slain the monster, with her help. It was an epic video game. 

What more can I say? I've got the answer to every question I can ever ask. The answer is: no. We're never gonna get back together. All I have with me to help me along the way is time. Time is my bestfriend. And myself. Acceptance. Working on myself. Not yet. We'll get there. Am I going back? Probably. We'll see. I'd have to move on first from these limerent feelings. That'll take time. I'd have to work on my insecurities first. That'll take time, too. I'll just wait. Wait and do what I can. I can do this.