Remember when I said I don't want to dream about Lauren talking about me or socializing with me on social media? Guess what, my dream decided to be a bitch and dreamed about all of it. :) Earlier 6 AM, I ended up falling asleep. I didn't wait for my mom and dad to come home, I was very sleepy. Later on, I woke up from that sickening stench coming from our cat's poop, I nearly puked. But anyway, my dream is literally everything I didn't want to wish but deeply desire. I'm so pathetic hahaha. It's all about Lauren's Tumblr post (update profile whatever) compliments my sketch of her and I hated every single bit of my dream. I hate it for giving me false hopes, I hated it for making me expect shit and I hate it for making me look like a desperate person. I don't even want to remember what happened. I'm going back to sleep after I eat this graham cake.

It all started at Pineda Elementary School. There's some kind of dare or quest or whatever so we have to run and scramble throughout the streets of Banaag. And so we did. I went and hid inside a store garden (where Dr. Balahaja's clinic used to be) and there's a woman hanging up her laundry who saw me. She told me to hide in a small space near the gate. And I contemplated because she looked like she's kidding. But I went and hid there. It was strange. Inside the small space, there is actually a secret door. I went inside and it's a small house with orange walls and large windows. It's surprising because my little sister is in there with other ahjummas. They're watching TV. I noticed there's a huge cat outside preying on my sister, I shrugged. But then the windows are all closed, it's kinda suffocating. I asked them why they can't open it, they said it's because it's too high. And indeed it is. But I couldn't stand it. So I climbed up the window sill like a fucking strong level 10 orangutan and opened the windows wildly one by one. They were amazed. As I went down, I see the big cat was also delighted. Uh-oh, wrong move. I climbed up again and semi-closed the windows, making sure there is still air slipping in. And my work was done. They thanked me as I went outside to find my other classmates. While walking, I saw my other friends, Louie, Jaime, Erika, Kristine, and others (naybe Jopez, too). And we suggested we rode a tricycle. I went backside and I almost fell off lol. And then we saw a taxi station (the old tricycle terminal infront of Maxsilog and libis).

So we went there and saw Richard and his mom. Then suddenly, we were split in half. Jaime, Louie, and Kristine went to Jaime's house while the rest stayed with Richard to wait for a taxi. The first 2 taxis don't want to take us so fuck them. It went for a long time and no taxis came until Jaime's group came back for us again; right when we're gonna go inside a newly arrived taxi, he offered for us to go to his house, it's safe, he said. So we did. We were just chilling at his living room, me eating a sprinkled dessert waffle when he spoke to me. I know we're not on good terms, never gonna be on good terms after that huge fall out. But here, he is now speaking to me. While in the middle of him speaking, I asked, "Aren't you supposed to be mad at me?" His speaking halted and his gaze softened. He looked at me apologetically and said, "I realized I couldn't do that. I missed you too much, I couldn't stand it. I'm sorry about that. We're good?" after he said those words, I nearly cried. So I went and hugged him. 

The scene cuts there, then came a new scene. It's a scene where I break down in front of my mom and dad about everything, of my problems with them and the family. They looked at me with sympathetic eyes, and after I rambled and cried right in front of them, they turned their back on me and walked away in pity. And instead, my brother (older) snd me grew closer.

We were just randomly watching some television cartoons (me and my 2 brothers) when mom told us to go to the grocery store to run some errands. And so we went to the nearest. My older brother invited his "NEW" girlfriend and went somewhere inside the store leaving me and my little brother to buy the things in the list. We're going round and around the grocery store buying stuff when zi felt lots of people's eyes on me; eyeing me up and down. They like what they see wtf. I ignored them until we're at the aisles. We noiced this gay black guy (who looked homeless) checking the things he bought in self-service area and we noticed something weird. The things he's purchasing are all empty. Apparently, it's not only us who noticed. A few grocery staffs went and asked him that. And he went on and rambled about stuff... So we went on our way. And on our way outside, we met with my older brother and his girlfriend when can I just say? is fucking extra hot and pretty. She noticed me eyeing her snd she smirked. Fuck, she knew. We went and rode a taxi. My brother in front because he's the eldest and he has the taxi money. The 3 of us at the back, with my brother's girlfriend in the middle. And I can fucking tell she's flirting with me. She almost kissed me! Until we're at the house. My brother's girlfriend decided to sleep over. Then she showered. It's weird that our bathroom doesn't have a door and our house is extra smaller than it is. Then the weirdest thing happened. My mom insisted she help the girl clean hersel (like WTF?!), the girl panicked and politely said no. But my mom insisted and the girl frantically resisted until mom peeked at the shower curtain inside and saw what she wasn't supposed to see. But instead of keeping it in, she fucking shouted it, "She is humping the chair OMG!!" We all went silent, the girl was fucking humiliated, she's red all over. So, she scrambled for her clothes and went home without a word, my brother in tail. Okay, what just happened.

On to the last scene, where my little brother has a new phone and some toys. My mom is cooking, and after drinking some Royal softdrinks, we went outside to play. It was awesome. We were playing like a real life Tekken but with action figures that legit has super powers. At some point, we were playing, my brother looked like fucking Angelo Duraliza. But he never won against me. We've been olaying for hours and we never noticed. My mom scolded us and I said we lost track of time while we were playing. I went and grabbed my brother's phone and closed the game and handed it back to him. Then it ended.