I had another false awakening. And this time, it's for real. I woke up. And it's already really dark. My brother and my mother is nowhere in sight, even my cat. The light in the kitchen is the only one on. I checked the time and it was exactly 8:49 PM. I didn't realize anything for I was really groggy and exhausted. I opened the door and went outside to find my mom and I was right. She's cooking outside with the neighbors, she was washing something when I saw a huge-ass worm on the ground, it was light orange and it looked like a toy. That's when I knew I was dreaming. I knew I was aware for a while until my mom found another worm and it pooped, I lost control of my consciousness. The worm's poop is really smelly, like Rafa's poop. They poop little only but a lot. I don't even know why but I went back to the house, still holding the worm and squished it until it pooped everywhere on ours and the neighbor's staircase. And it smelled so BAD. I immediately threw the worm away because it smelled like shit. And suddenly, my dad, my mom, my brother, snd sister came out of the bedroom like they were hiding there the whole time. They were curious as to where the smell was coming from. And suddenly, the neighbor's door opened and they were bothered by the foul smell, I never admitted it was me with worm who caused it. A Chinese girl, she's thin, tall and pale, went inside her house like it's her own and surprisingly my family's okay with it. She went in and out like she owns the fucking place LOL jk. And so I never admitted it was my fault until another neighbor told them nasty worms are roaming around the place and then blamed it on that LOL. It was half true though. 

I had another dream before that. It was in Camren universe and I was friends with fetus Camren, like really close friends. I was closest with Lauren. We were having a sleepover in Camila's house. We're the only ones there with Camila's grandmother sleeping. We were in the living until it's over. We're hungry and sleepy so we made Mac and cheese, ate it, and we showered. There's 3 different bathrooms there and we each took showers. We went out and to Camila's bedroom all wrapped in a towel, and because I forgot to bring clothes, I asked Camila for some extra clothes; she happily lent me some. But her grandma is the one who gave it to me personally, she was really kind and sweet. I said thank you to her. I even contemplated adding "po" LOL. I overheard Camila and Lauren talking and saying that I'm hot LOL HAHA. I was really flattered, especially coming from Lauren whom I have a HUGE girl crush on. After we showered and dressed up, we went to the living room again, set up some pillows and blankets and slept there. It was peaceful and I slept beside Lauren, my heart is happy. 

==CONCLUSION==: It's a progress for I had another false awakening. But I still couldn't control it. I went back to my dream self. I don't mind if it will take a lot of days but I'm determined to lucid dream. I'm almost there. I can feel it but I hope I can. 

And for the second dream, I dreamed about that because before I slept, I stared at many fetus Camren pics, back when they were still happy together Lol. 

## Lucid Dreaming is HARDER than I thought.