status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]]

I had a dream. I was in an auditorium. I don't know why though. There's a band or like an orchestra playing there. And I was with my younger brother. Apparently, we weren't supposed to be there so the guards are tryna find us and kick us out. So we went to the band, got some trumpets, and disguised ourselves as a part of the band; as trumpeteers (like is that even a word?) And we don't know how to play the instrument so we're kinda playing it badly and we're ruining the band and the song (which I thought I was doing really well). The conductor and leader was looking at us weirdly and I acted like nothing was wrong so I smiled at him. 

Change of scene. This one is actually a continuation of my previous dream where we have a new apartment at Makati but it's just walking distance from KHS. I was taking a walk at maybe I think 1 or 2 AM at Makati park by ilog Pasig when I saw it. A flash of bright light that took a shape of a big hand right above a sleeping fisherman's boat. The light that then looked like a lightning slapped the fishing rod, electrocuting it and setting the boat and the rod on fire. The fire soon got to the park where I'm standing. It struck the trees and the grass. I knew it would get big soon but the first thing I thought was to go home. So I ran home, going through the fast spreading fire. I ran and ran, and in that matter of seconds, people noticed the fire and began panicking. Just when I was at the elevator, I saw Clara and Denalia ran up to me seeking for safety. So we went to the elevator and went to my apartment's floor which I remember perfectly was floor 15. And the elevator went weird on us and went to different floors. We were getting anxious but soon, we were in my apartment. It was a connected apartment with other tenants. So when Clara and Denalia is settled, I looked out the window and saw the chaos outside. I was really shakened, anxious, and scared of what will happen. I immediately woke my parents up and told them about what's happening; I even showed them outside the window but they just shrugged, made breakfast, and went back to sleep; and said I should sleep, too. It was ridiculous, I was ridiculed, so I went to the room outside connecting with the tenants and again looked out the window. The girl from next door saw me and showed up, effectively startling me. She apologized, laughing and we conversed about the shit that's been happening outside. It was crazy. How can they be so calm about this? As if there's no potential forest fire happening outside. And then I woke up. End of dream. 

I have so much dreams that I wanna write about but I'm too lazy about it so yeah, maybe next time! :) 