status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]] [[dream]]

It's so annoying. I woke up at 6 AM to listen to music but I immediately fell asleep minutes later. So annoying. I woke up around 5 PM. I didn't get to bathe Cheesecake again, and do the things I had to do. Later, I won't sleep again because I have to do stuff. This is my life now: 24 hours awake and 24 hours asleep (well not really, but still). At least I remember my dreams. 

I dreamt of Jellaicah again and how I was ignoring her. I didn't want to be associated with her anymore for some reason. I was really annoyed because she kept bugging me. The setting is at Pineda Elementary School, it was dismissal time. Adrian told me Jellaicah was waiting for me at the gate. I ignored what he said. Then I saw Jellaicah looking at me, I walked past her. She shouted, “You promised me! You promised me we’ll be together forever!” I ignored her still. I went to a convenience store, buying some skin care supplies. I was choosing from the options then I saw Jellaicah and Harold enter the store, of course, to follow me and confront me. I ignored their presence and kept examining what I needed to buy. I noticed them buying drinks, but still glancing at me and following me where I went, I ignored them still. I’m kind of short in money so I chose just some small tubes of skin care products then went to the cashier to get checked out, still ignoring them. I can tell they're frustrated because they knew I knew they were there for me but I am ignoring them. Afterwards, I went to our house (my grandma’s old house beside the creek) except instead of the run-down old house made of concrete and wood, it was a large modern house with many rooms. We had a jeep, too. I went inside the house, my family is watching TV. Jellaicah (with Harold) followed me into the house. They greeted my parents and asked where I was. I was still ignoring the scene. I put down my bag and went to my room. I wanted to take a shower. I grabbed some clothes and my bathing supplies. I checked outside my window and they were outside (at the front yard, near the jeep). I asked them what the hell they're doing here. They said they wanted to use the jeep to shoot their video. Clearly an excuse. I told them go ask my uncle for permission. They did and he gave them permission. I didn't care further, so I went to the bathroom. The bathroom was reaaaally large. It has a small pool plus a large tub, a big mirror and wooden blinds—you can see from the outside. I was doing my business, but then I heard Kimberly outside the bathroom peeking in while talking to someone on the phone. It was Jellaicah’s voice, telling her if she sees me taking a bath, Kimberly says yes. Then Jellaicah asked to take a picture of me taking a bath, Kimberly was doubtful and nervous but agreed. She was about to take a photo of me naked but I chatted her on Messenger saying “tangina mo”. She read that and didn't take a photo because I knew she was there. Jellaicah and Harold appeared, annoyed that they didn't get to have a photo of me naked, probably for blackmailing. They barged inside the bathroom and said they didn't care anymore and that I can go to hell. They flicked my nipple aggressively as a sign of hostility and shamed me, but I didn't feel anything, then they left the house. Random rich people started entering the bathroom, attempting to take a bath. I let them. They were talking about the model’s (who’s there with us) latest photoshoot and how it's going to be a success. I felt awkward because why the fuck were strangers there, I was taking a bath. Slowly, instead of being ashamed, I though*t ‘It’s just a body, my body. Who cares if they see it?*’ so I just took a bath without paying them any mind. 

I grabbed my laptop and phone then went outside, like literally just outside our house. I plugged the charger cable to a socket, slumped down to the ground and used the laptop. I was just beside the street.  I was typing something while listening to Spotify. Then I got up, grabbed my bottle of water, drank from it, then went to a particular house that dispenses water from their door, it's free. I refilled my water bottle. I went back to check my laptop, still there. I went up the street then saw someone I knew, probably Mark Ain. He was going around and asking people if he can interview them for his research. He asked me, I agreed. He asked some stuff, who I was with last night, what I did with them, and he went into very specific details—I answered everything truthfully. Then he asked me if I believed in the idea of chance. I said “yeah, just like a coin toss.” He said “yes, exactly like a coin toss.” He pulled out a coin, he asked me to flip it and tell him the result. I flipped it quite nicely, but I couldn't catch it, it fell to the ground. It was heads. I noticed the design of the coin is a very ancient design of the Philippine peso, I noted that. I told him it was heads, he jot down some stuff on his notepad. The interview was done. We were just hanging out now and talking. I can see my laptop from this far. I asked him about his Spotify account. I told him I still haven't got the update regarding the notifications. He says he has it. I said I was envious and that it's probably only on Android. I pulled out my phone and went to Spotify. I fiddled with the settings, still nothing. I went back to my laptop, with Mark Ain following me. I showed him a particular setting which changes the Spotify’s UI but it returns back to the old design, still with no notifications. Then I fiddled with the Settings. I clicked some things and bam! I had the notifications bar (and friend activity on my phone) now. I was ecstatic! I was so happy, I got up and clapped my feet in the air. Mark Ain smiled and left. Moments later, I do have the notifications bar and friends activity on the phone but my list of songs takes too long to appear. I said “I can live with that.”