status: #adult 
tags: [[journal]]

It's recollection day. I got up an hour and 10 minutes after my alarm. I didn't really panic though, it was only 6:10 AM and it starts by 8. I got ready and all, didn't really feel like going. There was no terminal line because it was a holiday after all (Chinese New Year). Everybody be lookin' at me funny cuz they though there are classes but we just have ~~money a~~ seminar (why did I put money). When we got there, we were lent sticker name tags (below is the name tag which I accidentally tore because it's fragile af). And I was super hungry I didn' eat breakfast. Kinda pissed because Ampere (pilot section) wore their section shirts (which is mint green btw) when strictly the dress code is white or PE t-shirt. Of course, the head teacher is their adviser so they're a ~~bit~~ fad spoiled; they even had a class photoshoot by the end of the seminar (with that Santos). Typical VIP shit. What a bunch of twats, typical popular highschool pilot section, can't believe I was friends with most of them. Kids think the world loves them, their heads up in the clouds. They don't know shit and they're still a bunch of cute (ew) kids. So anyway, about the seminar I said, "Let's just get this over with and eat that lunch I paid for and let's get outta here." 

It was past 8 and we still haven't started (no equipment and all yet). I was pretty bored, so I read my book and it was damn noisy in that fucking room (especially my friend who is fucking "*bida-bida*" beside me, don't know why I'm friends with her, lately she's been a pan in the ass). So, we started, our speaker and lecturer is named "Brother Richard" (religious name, he said so casually like it's a thing but later reveals his real name was McBryan). He is a funny and outgoing guy with a nice loud voice. He can be serious if he has to. He tells jokes a lot and rhe lecture about God, being human, commandments, it went well. 